Digital Society & New Media Major | Kozminski University























Digital Society & New Media Major | Kozminski University










      Skip to main content
    










Digital Society & New Media Major



















Digital Society & New Media - Major on the Bachelor in Management Program













Home


 Digital Society & New Media Major 











About the major







Today, the presence of the media in everyday life assumes a scale incomparable to any previous period. A clear example of this change is "fake news" and, in response, the growing need to create clear rules for the functioning and credibility of the media. Therefore, this major will allow students to acquire, on one hand, the ability to analyze both media messages, research the impact of content, channels of their flow, and media institutions on the social, economic, political, and cultural life in the short and long term. On the other hand, they will acquire the ability to study the impact of this environment, particularly online, on the media themselves.
Please be advised that the major will launch only if a minimum amount of 17 students sign up for the major.







A word from the major's leader
















Email



                                                                            Helena Chmielewska-Szlajfer, Ph.D.
                                                                    
The presence of media in everyday life today is at the same time ubiquitous and unprecedented. Social media, streaming services, AI-enhanced news and recommendations, disinformation and fake news - all these new and emerging features of the media landscape calls for the shaping of new rules how media operate, how they maintain trust, and, finally, how they are managed.
This is why I invite you to join our new specialization, Digital Society & New Media - the first such program in Poland - which is specifically tailored to offer both theoretical and practical approaches, in partnership with major international organizations including Ringier Axel Springer.
You will get a chance to learn how to analyze media content and media strategies for organizations, as well as to research the complex ties between contemporary media and the changing economic, social, political, and cultural reality.
If you are interested in how media organizations work and are thinking about a career in media research and strategy, this is a specialization for you.
See you at Kozminski University!
Helena Chmielewska-Szlajfer, Ph.D., Leader of the Digital Society & New Media Major
 
Read moreCollapse










Partner of the major























Unique values







Innovative topics based on the latest global research
Seminars and immersion working methods in cooperation with external partners - among others Ringier Axel Springer
Tools for analysis of contemporary media institutions, including online, qualitative and quantitative research methods
The most important topics in the research of today's media, such as the influence of geopolitical and technological changes on the media, analysis in social media and disinformation (fake news), big data in the media, media ethics.








What you gain from your studies?







During your studies you will gain knowledge, skills and social competences among others in:
The analysis of contemporary media institutions, including online
The qualitative and quantitative test methods needed in the media environment
The implementation of theory in the business world through classes and workshops with both researchers and practitioners, including Ringier Axel Springer








Career opportunities after your studies







Graduates may find employment, among others, in media organizations, dealing with media research, as well as those dealing with media consulting.







Selected courses







Society and Technological Change
Contemporary Research in Media Studies
Challenges of Media Industry
Media Discourse Analysis
Newsroom Workshop








Class schedule







Full-time programs 
Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon.






















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



