Digital Marketing Major | Kozminski University























Digital Marketing Major | Kozminski University










      Skip to main content
    










Digital Marketing Major



















Digital Marketing - Major on the Master in Management Program













Home


 Digital Marketing Major 











About the Major







The Digital Marketing program is a new, innovative specialization in the field of management, conducted in English.
The studies are intended to educate a modern marketing manager who:
Proficiently moves through the conditions of the digital economy, understands the contemporary world and the modern client
Knows how the Internet can change not only marketing, but also the whole organization and knows how to effectively implement such a change
Understands how modern technologies, i.e. social media, mobile, artificial intelligence or automation, change the functioning of the company
Will be able to effectively create a strategy, plan and tasks related to internet marketing (including social media marketing)
Perfectly knows and is able to use tools related to on-line promotion (e.g. Facebook Ads, Google Adwords, systems for marketing automation or e-mail marketing systems)
Knows how to start up and run an online store, understands the possibilities resulting from the use of online business models (e.g. crowdsourcing, sharing economy, model freemium etc.)
Perfectly knows web analytics, can use tools such as Google Analytics, Brand24, Sotrender and many other
Knows the basics of computer graphics and the preparation of on-line video materials.
Can cooperate in a virtual environment (virtual teams)
During his/her studies was in continuous contact with e-marketing and e-business practices
Recognizes the development opportunities of any organization, resulting from the phenomenon of digital transformation, through which every company or institution passes.
Can function freely in an international environment since the program is conducted in English
Graduates receive a Master in Management diploma. Additionally, they get a diploma's supplement stating that the graduate has finished a major in Digital Marketing.
Studies are conducted in a full-time mode.
Please be advised that the major will launch only if a minimum amount of 17 students sign up for the major.







A word from the major's leader
















LinkedInEmail



                                                                            Karolina Małagocka
                                                                    
Do you want to work as a digital marketer or social media marketing specialist? Or maybe you have your own company/start-up or association and you want to reach the widest possible audience? We invite you to the Digital Marketing Major. Here you will meet lecturers who have been dealing with marketing strategies, internet marketing, and building relationships with clients for years. You will take part in workshops with digital marketing enthusiasts who have ROI in their DNA. You will learn how to design websites, e-stores, and applications in an accessible and inclusive way. You will explore the secrets of WordPress, CRMs, tools for building audiences, ad managers on the most important social media platforms. We will exercise how to plan actions in social media, implement campaigns in search engines (Google Ads), or prepare a digital plan which works. 
The Digital Marketing major on the Master in Management program is the first program in Poland aimed at educating professionally prepared marketers who are familiar with modern technologies and tools, and who will be able to change or challenge the company's operating strategies.
Karolina Małagocka, Ph.D., Leader of the Digital Marketing Major
Read moreCollapse










Partners of the major



































































A word from the major's partner


















                                                            Katarzyna Bors
                                                    
Virtual world is at constant change – more and more customers are now leveraging digital for their day to day private and professional life. At Accenture we constantly strive to understand the challenges of our clients within digital world, help them to become digitally agile, establish effective digital presence and ensure that their campaigns, content that is posted as well as the impressions created by their consumers is led by example of best practices across industries. People are our key asset and success of Accenture is proven by capabilities of people that are daily managing the client relationship and digital challenges. Our primary focus is to ensure capabilities development of our people for the industry relevance. The partnership with Kozminski University on the Major in Digital Marketing is an instrumental part of this mindset as an opportunity to attract digitally oriented people – the talents who we think can find their desired place to work in our organization and take the opportunity of professional progression.








Unique Values







The partners of the studies are recognized brands from the digital world, including: Accenture, Sotrender, Brand24, Salesmanago, NapoleonCat which offer students among others internships, certification programs, free access to online tools, guest lectures and meetings with practitioners.
The program of the major is composed of many core subjects (over 800 didactic hours), carried out in the form of interactive workshops, seminars, exercises, computer laboratories and lectures.
Classes are taught by extraordinary lecturers and high-class e-marketing specialists with huge experience in e-marketing and e-business.
Students are in direct contact with companies from the new technology sector, taking part in classes with practitioners and implementing projects in the area of ​​e-marketing and e-business for specific companies.
A graduate of the major in Digital Marketing will gain a huge range of specific competences and skills allowing for quick career building practically in every company.
Students are encouraged to take advantage of a six-month stay in one of the 200 renowned universities from around the world as part of an international exchange program. Additionally, the students have the opportunity to go for a paid internship abroad.








THE KU MARKETING AND DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION COUNCIL 







Members of KU's Marketing and Digital Transformation Council actively support the didactic and scientific activities in the field of marketing and management in a virtual environment via expert presentations and online meetings with students.

The Marketing and Digital Transformation Council was established by decision of the Rector of Kozminski University on January 22nd, 2020 as the first corporate advisory board supporting specific areas of study within KU.

During a solemn meeting of the Council on February 26th, 2020 the nominations to Council members were received by:
Grzegorz Berezowski, NapoleonCat
Michał Broniatowski
Dariusz Gulczyński, Ph.D.
Piotr Hassine, Group S/F
Przemysław Kurdziel, Allegro Brand Experience Agency
Tomasz Lis, Digital Experts Club, ENGINEERS
Andrzej Ludek, DNA Research Institute, ALMARES
Mieszko Maj, WALK Group
Magdalena Maruszczak, Ph.D. KPMG Poland
Michał Sadowski, Brand24
Piotr Sadowski, Webankieta.pl
Prof. Szymon Truskolaski, Ph.D., UEP, DOJI S.A.
Konrad Zach, thinkHUB
The nominations were awarded by Prof. Grzegorz Mazurek, Rector-Elect of Kozminski University and Prof. Mariola Ciszewska-Mlinarič, Dean of the College of Management.







WHAT YOU GAIN FROM YOUR STUDIES? 







During your studies you will gain knowledge, skills and social competences among others in:
Comprehensive use of the Internet and network technologies in marketing - building e-marketing strategies, plans and tasks
Creating and managing websites
Cooperation and management of relations with a modern client
Building the company's popularity in the network (e-promotion)
Tools handling, i.e. Google Adwords and Google Analytics, Facebook Ads and marketing automation, CRM or analytical systems
Designing and conducting interaction with clients using social media (social media marketing)
Analyzing information online (web analyst)
IT project management and managing the team implementing these projects
Virtual team management
Use of artificial intelligence in business
Practical implementation of e-marketing projects for a selected company
Basics of computer graphics and video editing








CAREER OPPORTUNITIES AFTER YOUR STUDIES 







After graduating from the major in Digital Marketing in English, you can work in:
"Traditional" companies (so-called "brick and mortar"), treating Internet and Internet marketing as a necessary extension of their promotional or sales activities.
"Transforming" companies (so-called "bricks and clicks"), wishing to take advantage of new opportunities offered by the Internet in acquiring customers, cooperating with current customers and in the overall transformation of the business model (the so-called "digital transformation")
Internet companies (so-called "pure clicks"), who want to strengthen their position in the virtual market and exploit the advantages and potential of the digital environment in their operations even more.
Consulting companies, interactive agencies, social media agencies etc. providing Internet-related services to other companies
Companies from the new technologies sector
Startups and any new business ventures.
Examples of professions that a graduate of the program will be well prepared for:
Digital Marketing Manager
Social Media Marketing Manager
Digital Transformation Officer
Marketing Manager / Marketing Coordinator
Marketing and Communication Manager
Relationship Management Analyst
Project Manager
Consultant in Digital Marketing
E-commerce Manager
Community Manager
Web Analyst








Selected courses







Artificial Intelligence and Technology in Marketing
Digital Innovation and Future of Marketing
Digital Consulting Project
Customer Portfolio Analysis
E-mail Marketing and Marketing Automation
Digital Marketing Strategy and Planning
Internet Marketing and E-Commerce II
Search Engine Marketing and Digital Analytics
Social Media Marketing
Video and Graphic Design
Web Design and Management
Customer Experience Management
Legal Aspects of Virtualization








Class Schedule







Full-time programs 
Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon.
Part time programs:
Part time program classes take place on Friday (in the afternoon), Saturday and Sunday (in the morning and in the afternoon). 






















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



