Entrepreneurship Major | Kozminski University























Entrepreneurship Major | Kozminski University










      Skip to main content
    










Entrepreneurship Major



















Entrepreneurship - Major on the Bachelor in Management Program













Home


 Entrepreneurship Major 











Watch a video testimonial from our Entrepreneurship major alumni!























About the major







The main objective of the Entrepreneurship major is to provide students with up-to-date knowledge, skills, and social competencies required for successful new venture creation, succession, and dynamic development of the family business as well as introducing innovative ideas within existing companies of different types and sizes.

Through real-life cases and workshops, the participants will learn different steps in establishing and developing a start-up, such as generating ideas, identification, evaluation, and capturing potential opportunities, acquiring financial support, attracting customers, and internationalization of the business. They will also learn about the peculiarities of running e-business in a digitally transformed world. The participants will also get an insight into the challenges of managing the family businesses, including succession, which is one of the critical stages in the life cycle of each firm and will learn how to manage it successfully.

The program has been created not only for these students who would like to start their own business venture or develop successfully the family business. Entrepreneurship major equips students with entrepreneurial knowledge and skills of high value in international corporations, which are looking for individuals, who are well-prepared for taking advantage of the opportunities and coping with challenges of the modern world using their creative problem-solving skills.
Please be advised that the major will launch only if a minimum amount of 17 students sign up for the major.







A word from the major's leader
















LinkedInEmail



                                                                            Svetlana Gudkova, Ph.D.
                                                                    
Dear students and candidates,
I would like to encourage you to take a challenge and join the Entrepreneurship major at Kozminski University.
Entrepreneurship is about active experimentation, identification, and exploitation of business opportunities by individuals with great passion and enthusiasm, who have the courage to turn their ideas into reality. Entrepreneurial leaders and their impressive successes attract much attention and inspire others to undertake entrepreneurial activity, but famous words of Nolan Bushnell, founder of Atari “If you are not a millionaire or bankrupt by the time you are 30, you are not really trying!” – are far from being the truth nowadays. It is an entrepreneur’s preparedness for facing the challenges and courage to act that is crucial.
The selection of courses within the Entrepreneurship major will help you to excel in professional competencies and develop entrepreneurial potential.
I hope to see you on this major!
Svetlana Gudkova, Ph.D., Leader of the Entrepreneurship Major
Read moreCollapse










Program highlights







1


               
                Academic experience
               
            

Students will be provided with core academic knowledge as well as contemporary research findings and trends, which will create a solid ground for further scientific investigations as well as inspiration for its application in entrepreneurial process.




2


               
                Practical experience
               
            

To ensure the balance in entrepreneurial learning process the extensive practical experience will be provided in the form of curricular as well as extracurricular activities, such as seminars and guest lectures. A great emphasize will be put on “learning by doing”. Students will be encouraged to critical reflection throughout the learning process, which is central in transforming the experience into the knowledge.




3


               
                Case study approach
               
            

To enhance learning process and involve a high degree of student interaction case studies will be used. The aim is to offer an opportunity for academic knowledge application, developing problem solving skills and providing inspiration. Students will be encouraged to prepare their own cases under the guidance of academic tutors.




4


               
                Project-based approach 
               
            

Students will be working in the teams to prepare the projects, which involve diagnosing and solving business problems in specified organizations. Projects will be guided by a faculty member who acts as the tutor. Variations of this method include business plans and consulting projects




5


               
                Multicultural experience
               
            

Students will work in multicultural groups performing various social roles to excel one of the key entrepreneurial skills, which is teamwork. They will be encouraged to work in randomly selected teams to experience group dynamics and develop conflict solving skills.









Career opportunities







Entrepreneurial competences offer students variety of different possibilities in choosing their career path. Many alumni start their own business or decide to join the family enterprise and help parents to develop its potential.

Others choose international companies to pursue their professional carriers. Employers value an entrepreneurial mindset of their employees. They are able to spot an opportunity and use their competences and proactive approach to exploit fully its potential.







What do alumni say about their experience?








During this program, I took part in a series of courses that put entrepreneurship as a focus point and examined it from both theoretical and practical perspectives. This track offered me in-depth insights into the entrepreneurial world, but more importantly, it offered me opportunities to develop and practice my own entrepreneurial skills. Studying in an international environment with other business-oriented students allowed me to build a network for future projects. The knowledge and experience I gained, were then applied to create my own business plan as a form of a Bachelor Dissertation. I was able to follow my business idea for a wedding planner and bring it to life after studies. By choosing entrepreneurship major during Bachelor in Management at Kozminski University, I was able to expand my interest in entrepreneurship, strengthen my entrepreneurial skills and get courage to start my own business.
Zofia Krzeczmańska, Alumni of the Major


Why to choose the entrepreneurial path? Simply because it truly prepares you for your professional career. The major and the offered courses helped me to structure my business thinking and guided me towards the right career choice. The major is very diverse and allows students to face real life challenges and the most importantly, entirely prepares you to set-up your own venture. During the courses we were taught how to plan and create a venture, manage an enterprise, manage a team, take care of marketing, legal aspects which are all the essentials that both myself and my colleagues find useful in our daily lives.
Mateusz Sarnecki, Alumni of the Major








Selected courses







New Venture Creation
E-Business
Family Business Development
Entrepreneurial Marketing
International Entrepreneurship
Creative Problem Solving (elective course)
Behavioral Aspects of Business: Entrepreneurial Perspective (elective course)
Business History: Long-Lived Companies And Legendary Entrepreneurs  (elective course)








Class schedule







Full-time programs 
Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon.






















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



