Executive MBA in English - Master of Business Administration - Kozminski University - Warsaw, Poland
























Executive MBA in English - Master of Business Administration - Kozminski University - Warsaw, Poland










      Skip to main content
    




















Executive MBA in English


Level


                                      MBA, EMBA
                                  

                                      Executive Programs
                                  



Duration

                              18 months
                          


Language

                              EN
                          


Obtained title

                              Certificate of completion postgraduate studies, MBA Diploma
                          


Mode


                                      Part-time,                                  

                                      Thurs, Fri, Sat.                                  





              Brochure
            

              Contact
            













                  Close
                












                                      Agnieszka Marciniuk
                                  


                        (+48 22) 519 22 07
                      



                      amarciniuk@kozminski.edu.pl
                    







Sign up












Home


Program listing


MBA, EMBA


 Executive MBA in English 












Welcome 





Program





Our alumni - our pride





Admission





Tuition fees











Welcome 












In these times of extremely dynamic changes, we all feel that changing our mindset and developing our competencies is the best, and even necessary, course of action. Constantly leaving our comfort zones allows us to reach higher, realize aspirations, become a better version of ourselves, and discover unknown but fascinating areas. Personal development is also a philosophy, a way of life, a path to achieving goals, and a goal in itself.
Guided by this belief, I invite you to Kozminski Executive Business School – a unique environment where transformational experiences, unlimited opportunities to acquire knowledge, exchange experiences and build exceptional relationships await you.
Using 30 years of experience in delivering the highest quality managerial education, Kozminski Executive Business School pursues an extremely broad mission, contributing to the development of managers and companies. The development programs, trainings, consulting, but also support in conducting research are all that modern companies may need to constantly improve.
I invite you to the best – according to Financial Times – business school in Central and Eastern Europe. To a place where business collaborates with science.
Sylwia Hałas-Dej, Ph. D
Kozminski Executive Business School Dean | Program Director
 


THE GOAL OF THE PROGRAM 
We wish to provide you with a holistic perspective on the most important managerial problems. Handling tactical and strategic decisions made at the executive level, monitoring performance and taking remedial action, addressing the changes taking place in the business environment, negotiating pivotal deals, designing flexible and efficient communication systems – all these responsibilities require diligence, technical proficiency, and emotional intelligence. Our Executive MBA is focused in particular on helping you grow as a leader and change your mindset. We place a big emphasis on the development of your leadership potential.
This program aims at assisting you in challenging yourself in multiple dimensions and – as a result – helping you engineer smarter solutions for sustainable value creation.
Students of the Executive MBA conducted in English will benefit in class from using learning materials from Harvard Business Publishing Education.


The HBP Education catalog, includes articles, case studies, podcasts, videos, and simulations. HBPE’s learning materials cover a wide range of disciplines – from accounting, business, economics, entrepreneurship, and marketing, to negotiation, management, strategy, or sales. That's more than 60,000 materials from more than 50 sources, making it an extremely comprehensive resource for students as well as faculty. More information.
WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT













.










1


               
                Financial Times rankings
               
            

Kozminski University's Executive MBA program has advanced to 44th place (from 54th) in the global "Financial Times" ranking. It is the only Polish program that has been present in this ranking for over 10 years and still holds a strong position among the top one hundred universities in the world. At the same time, it is the best and only Executive MBA program in Central Europe. The ranking is published annually by the Financial Times.




2


               
                Triple Crown of accreditations
               
            

Kozminski University holds three of the most prestigious international accreditations known as the ‘Triple Crown’ (AASCB, EQUIS, AMBA). Only 99 business schools globally (less than 1% of all business schools) can boast such an outstanding achievement. These accreditations attest to the highest internationally certified quality of education programs run by the university, and provide a guarantee that graduates will acquire up-to-date skills required to handle contemporary business challenges and recognized internationally in various industries.




3


               
                National MBA Ranking
               
            

KU’s Executive MBA is the best MBA program in Poland according to the latest “Perspektywy” national ranking.




4


               
                Residential Week in ESCP Business School
               
            

Classes combined with company visits.
During the residential week, we visit two companies in order to become familiar with the best managerial practices, learn about their competitive advantages, and understand the challenges they face.




5


               
                Additional opportunity - Double MBA with Porto Business School
               
            

Executive MBA in English Participants have the possibility to complete additional courses and be awarded Executive MBA diploma by Porto Business School.




6


               
                Additional session within the MBA Consortium framework.
               
            

Executive MBA Consortium for Global Business Innovation is a group of 12 leading and elite business schools in the world. The within the EMBA Consortium is provided as part of the tuition fee.




7


               
                Fast track
               
            

The program lasts 3 semesters, classes are held in a blended format and meetings are scheduled once a month. This allows you to maintain a balance between classes and your private/professional life.




8


               
                Access to Harvard Business Publishing Education’s Resources
               
            

Thanks to the signed agreement, students of the Executive MBA conducted in English will benefit in class from using learning materials from Harvard Business Publishing Education. More information.












International touch














FT Global Executive MBA Ranking  - our Executive MBA program in the years 2009-2010 and 2012-2022 was featured – as the only Polish program – among the 100 best programs in the world. In the 2022 Global EMBA ranking, the program was ranked 44th.
The ranking is based on surveys sent to higher education institutions and their graduates. The main ranking criteria are: current earnings of graduates, the increase in these earnings, career progress, professional experience, and goals achieved. Other criteria: presences of courses covering CSR, ethics, social and environmental issues in the curriculum, international diversity, and the value of scientific research.
QS Executive MBA Ranking 
QS Executive MBA Ranking We are among 100 universities included in the QS Executive MBA Ranking 2021. In this year's edition of this prestigious global ranking, a program from KU was included for the first time.
According to QS methodology, business schools are evaluated on the basis of such criteria as: career achievements (including salary growth after graduation and number of graduates who were promoted within a year after graduation), the reputation of the university among valued employers from various industries, the professional positions of MBA students, and the academic level of the staff.
Kozminski's graduates ranked highest - 14th globally and 7th in Europe - in terms of professional positions of Executive MBA program participants. 













































Additional trips










ESCP Residential week 
During the obligatory residential week in Berlin, participants attend a range of courses taught by the leading faculty of ESCP Business School. The goal is to offer the participants an international perspective on entrepreneurship, strategy, and innovation - factors that create industry champions.
Read more
Additional session as part of the EMBA Consortium
Part of the courses at the partner campuses abroad is a proven way to gain an intercultural context for the knowledge gained and to establish contacts with students from around the world. 
Read more
Additional opportunity - Double MBA with Porto Business School
Executive MBA in English Participants have the possibility to complete additional courses and be awarded Executive MBA diploma by Porto Business School.
The candidates will be accepted by the separate Double MBA Admission Comittee and will be required to:
complete additional courses at PBS (Leadership, Corporate Entrepreneurship, Impact Investing, Global Supply Chain Management) and obtain a settled amount of ECTS credits;
 prepare a joint MBA final project, complete a dissertation seminar and oral defense in front of the joint committee of both KU and PBS
This will be possible during two in-campus stays at PBS and additional online sessions.
Double MBA costs are additional with regard to the Executive MBA in English fee. The participants cover all the costs related to this option (including travel and accommodation). 
 




















































Targe audience










Each of our MBA participants is an exceptional and unique individual. This diversity translates into an extremely fruitful learning environment. Our students come from different industries, each with a different area of expertise and business experience, but they all share a desire to grow. We believe that when everyone shares their knowledge and experience with others, everyone benefits from it. You will see the world of business in a different dimension and discover new opportunities.
The program is designed for:
high-potential managers
people with experience working at senior management positions
owners of medium and big private businesses
people aspiring to become top executives
The requirement is to have at least 8 years of professional experience, including 5 years working as a manager.
Read moreCollapse
















Enjoy video highlights from the MBA Graduation Ceromony 2022.



























Program Director



















Email



                                                                            Sylwia Hałas-Dej, Ph.D
                                                                    
Law  and Executive MBA graduate | Dean of Kozminski Executive Buisness School at Kozminski University |Executive MBA program Director. 
My responsibility is area of MBA, Postgraduate Programs, Trainings, Conferences, relations with the MBA and postgraduate Alumni and cooperation with business. I have many years of experience in designing and implementing educational programs.
Simultaneously  I am member of the Supervisory Board of  International School of Management, Member of Scientific Council of LifeSkills High School,  Vice -President of the Koźmiński Foundation and also an assessor in  international accreditation of MBA programs - AMBA.
My research interest are related to higher education management, business-universities cooperation and management education. 

Read moreCollapse
















Program










During 18 months of intensive classes based on workshops, live discussions, and advisory sessions, the program participants will delve through all dimensions of the duties and responsibilities of modern executives.
Hands-on projects, business simulations based on state-of-the-art solutions (software and databases), presentations, exams, and – most importantly – a comprehensive consulting project should equip the participants with a cutting-edge toolkit capable of advancing their careers or bringing pending business projects to fruition.











Orientation-Information Session
Self and Team Management, and Taking Responsibility for the Decisions Made
Module I: Fundamental Managerial Knowledge
Explore the trends shaping the economy of today. Learn about their consequences for your business across financial and managerial domains. Gain a strong grasp of corporate finance, strategic reporting, marketing, quantitative, and analytical techniques. Enhance your negotiation skills.
Managerial Economics
Management Accounting
Corporate Finance
Business Statistics
Management
Civil and Commercial Law
Marketing
Negotiations
Module II: Strategic and Tactical Management
Draft a plan for managing all company resources. Understand and reverse-engineer the sources of competitive advantage. Explore the key value drivers and conduct a comprehensive analysis of a business performance record. Draw a timeline for important strategic decisions and equip yourself with an adequate toolkit to execute them.
Strategic Management
E-business Strategies
HRM Strategies
Decision Support Systems
Strategic Negotiations
Simulation Business Game
Module III: Actionable Leadership
Learn to navigate disruptive transformations. Design a digitalization strategy for your company. Hone your team management skills. Learn how to convert personal leadership capital into a competitive advantage for your company. Appreciate the role of trust and ethics in modern agile management structures. Come up with improvements to internal communication systems.
Leadership
Change Management
Interpersonal Communication
Emotional Intelligence – Personal Leadership Asset
Digital Transformation
Building Strategic Advantage Through Ethical Behavior and Trust
Networking
Professional Public Presentation
Module IV: International Management and Entrepreneurship 
Get an international perspective on contemporary managerial issues. Learn to leverage intercultural differences. Familiarize yourself with business practices from international industry leaders.
Module V: Elective courses
Choose the three courses of your interest (the choice is made together by the whole group).
Module VI: Consulting Project
Time to reflect on the upcoming business opportunities, on a pivotal project which will take your career to the next level. A plan for a new venture, a buyout, important operational restructurings, M&A... Your plans and assumptions will be confronted and reviewed by a panel of industry experts (with confidentiality guaranteed).
Total number of teaching hours: 580* (including 92 hours of online classes)
* one teaching hour = 45 minutes
ESCP Residential week 
During the residential week in Berlin, participants attend a range of courses taught by the leading faculty of ESCP Business School. The goal is to offer the participants an international perspective on entrepreneurship, strategy, and innovation - factors that create industry champions.
During the residential week, participants visit two companies in order to explore the best managerial practices, learn about their competitive advantages, and understand the challenges they face.
 
Courses to be taken:
International Strategy
Innovation and Entrepreneurship
Intercultural leadership
Participants receive a recognized credential from ESCP Business School: a certificate of completion of the International Management and Entrepreneurship program.
The program ends with a consulting project. Projects are prepared in groups of 3-4 participants, which encourages networking and the formation of cross-industry interdisciplinary managerial teams capable of delivering complex business solutions.
Projects are prepared under the supervision of an experienced faculty member. Along the way, participants have an opportunity to receive several opinions on multiple aspects of their project. At the end of the program, projects are defended in front of a panel of experts.

Any important tactical or strategic business decision taken at a senior level requires a thorough analysis and discussion. While some nurture the idea of finalizing finalizing some new business ventures, others manage complex hierarchical corporate structures requiring multi-level implementation procedures and reaching a consensus to bring any large-scale business project to fruition. The structure of the Consulting Project module makes it possible to accommodate the specificity of any and every business environment.
Additional opportunity - Double MBA with Porto Business School
Executive MBA in English Participants have the possibility to complete additional courses and be awarded Executive MBA diploma by Porto Business School.
The candidates will be accepted by the separate Double MBA Admission Comittee and will be required to:
 - complete additional courses at PBS (Leadership, Corporate Entrepreneurship, Impact Investing, Global Supply Chain Management) and obtain a settled amount of ECTS credits;
 - prepare a joint MBA final project, complete a dissertation seminar and oral defense in front of the joint committee of both KU and PBS
This will be possible during two in-campus stays at PBS and additional online sessions.
Double MBA costs are additional with regard to the Executive MBA in English fee. The participants cover all the costs related to this option (including travel and accommodation). 
Read moreCollapse
















Organization of classes










The program lasts 3 semesters.
Classes take place once or twice a month, on:
Thursdays, 13:45 - 20:30
Fridays, 12:00 - 20:30
Saturdays, 8:45 - 15:45
Additionally, there are online sessions organized in-between.










Sessions










Month No. of sessions
October               1            
November           1          
December           1
January                1
February             1
March                  2
April                     residential week - Berlin
May                      1
June                      2
July                       1
August                 free
September          1
October               2
November           1
December           1
January                1
March                  Final project defense
Total no. of sessions 17
Additionally, there are online sessions organised in-between.
Sessions planned for the first semester:
19-21.10.2023
16-18.11.2023
14-16.12.2023
25-27.01.2024
15-17.02.2024
Additionally, there are online sessions organised in-between.













Our alumni - our pride













Previous
Next












                                                                            Sebastian  Gawelowicz
                                                                    
Global DBS Manager - Consumer Activation, BAT  
Thanks to the Kozminski top-notch Executive MBA program, you will learn a lot about business, but you will also learn a lot about yourself as a person and as a leader. It is a journey through the complexity of both numbers and human interactions with courses in economics, corporate finance, negotiations, leadership and emotional intelligence. It is a practical experience. During the program you will make many strategic choices throughout case studies, business simulations, practical group exercises and eventually the final project that ties everything together.
Importantly, the Executive MBA is a multi-player adventure with a cohort of like-minded, and yet so interestingly different professionals. Your colleagues will challenge you, inspire you, support you and help you create unforgettable memories along the way.
Yes, the journey won't be easy. Yet as Aristotle once said, "the roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet". True. The Kozminski Executive MBA provides remarkable opportunities for growth. And that’s half of the success. The other half is up to you.
Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next












                                                                            Jarosław  Dudoń
                                                                    
Finance Site Lead. Cisco Systems Poland Sp. z o.o.
Executive MBA in English at Kozminski University was a choice I do not regret. The passionate teachers, who in addition to theory also have business experience, systematized my knowledge and opened up more areas that I should explore. My EMBA group turned out to be extremely harmonious and inspiring. I consider the 18 months of MBA studies to be one of the best investments in my career.

 
 
Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next












                                                                            Sebastian  Gawelowicz
                                                                    
Global DBS Manager - Consumer Activation, BAT  
Thanks to the Kozminski top-notch Executive MBA program, you will learn a lot about business, but you will also learn a lot about yourself as a person and as a leader. It is a journey through the complexity of both numbers and human interactions with courses in economics, corporate finance, negotiations, leadership and emotional intelligence. It is a practical experience. During the program you will make many strategic choices throughout case studies, business simulations, practical group exercises and eventually the final project that ties everything together.
Importantly, the Executive MBA is a multi-player adventure with a cohort of like-minded, and yet so interestingly different professionals. Your colleagues will challenge you, inspire you, support you and help you create unforgettable memories along the way.
Yes, the journey won't be easy. Yet as Aristotle once said, "the roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet". True. The Kozminski Executive MBA provides remarkable opportunities for growth. And that’s half of the success. The other half is up to you.
Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next












                                                                            Jarosław  Dudoń
                                                                    
Finance Site Lead. Cisco Systems Poland Sp. z o.o.
Executive MBA in English at Kozminski University was a choice I do not regret. The passionate teachers, who in addition to theory also have business experience, systematized my knowledge and opened up more areas that I should explore. My EMBA group turned out to be extremely harmonious and inspiring. I consider the 18 months of MBA studies to be one of the best investments in my career.

 
 
Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next












                                                                            Sebastian  Gawelowicz
                                                                    
Global DBS Manager - Consumer Activation, BAT  
Thanks to the Kozminski top-notch Executive MBA program, you will learn a lot about business, but you will also learn a lot about yourself as a person and as a leader. It is a journey through the complexity of both numbers and human interactions with courses in economics, corporate finance, negotiations, leadership and emotional intelligence. It is a practical experience. During the program you will make many strategic choices throughout case studies, business simulations, practical group exercises and eventually the final project that ties everything together.
Importantly, the Executive MBA is a multi-player adventure with a cohort of like-minded, and yet so interestingly different professionals. Your colleagues will challenge you, inspire you, support you and help you create unforgettable memories along the way.
Yes, the journey won't be easy. Yet as Aristotle once said, "the roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet". True. The Kozminski Executive MBA provides remarkable opportunities for growth. And that’s half of the success. The other half is up to you.
Read moreCollapse













Who does an Executive MBA?


























Admission










4th edition - admission is open until 12.09.2023, and the program is scheduled to start in October 2023.
GMAT and interviews for 2023 intake: 19 September 2023.
The admission process is based on competition and consists of two stages:
1) an admission GMAT-type test taken on the premises of the university;
2) an admission interview with faculty members and educational advisors.
The admissions committee invests a considerable effort in making sure that the group of participants is diverse, representing different industries, life paths, executive positions, and backgrounds in education. Blending multiple perspectives is the source of the program's uniqueness.
The requirement is to have at least 8 years of professional experience - including 5 years working as a manager - and a diploma of higher education. The knowledge of English is checked during the admission test.
 












                         
                            Required documents
                         
                    







a copy of one’s diploma of higher education - degree diploma at least on Bachelor level or higher; in case of the diplomas issued outside Poland the candidates are kindly asked to provide also a copy of the diploma suplement (transcript of records) and an official translation of both the diploma and the supplement into English.
a CV
a motivational letter
a photo in a digital format (JPG)
a national ID card or a passport
a proof of payment of the admission procedure fee
 










                         
                            How to apply
                         
                    







1


               
                General information
               
            

Please check the application rules and the description of the MBA program your choice.




2


               
                Registration
               
            

Fill in our online application form




3


               
                Fees
               
            

Admission fee should be transferred to the University account or could be settled during online application.












                         
                            Requirements for graduation
                         
                    







The program finishes with a written final project covering a solution to a specific management problem. The diploma project is developed in groups of 3-4, and is to be defended before an examination board. An additional condition to finish the studies is to pass all courses taught during three semesters of the program.


























Registration online



                  Sign up
                














Tuition fees










Table of fees











                                                                    Admission procedure fee
                                                                                                                                                                

                                                                    950 PLN
                                                            



                                                                    Price
                                                                                                                                            
                                            (an option to pay in three installments, 29 900 PLN each)
                                        


                                                                    89 700 PLN
                                                            



                                                                    Price including discount for KU graduates*
                                                                                                                                            
                                            (an option to pay in three installments, 26 910 PLN each)
                                        


                                                                    80 730 PLN
                                                            



                                                                    Price including discount for one-off payment*
                                                                                                                                                                

                                                                    85 600 PLN
                                                            













An additional option - Double MBA with Porto Business School
Program cost: 2000 EUR
The participants cover all additional costs related to Double MBA option, including travel and accommodation.
Bank account details:
Kozminski University
03-301 Warsaw, ul. Jagiellońska 57/59
BANK PEKAO SA in Warsaw 20 1240 1024 1111 0010 1646 0637
Invoices:
Anyone interested in receiving an INVOICE, please contact Ms. Agnieszka Fabiańska
e-mail: agaf@kozminski.edu.pl
We kindly inform that editions are launched with the specified number of participants, allowing proper group dynamics.
*The offered discounts (discount for graduates, discount for one-off payment, any additional discounts) are not cumulative.




























                                                    06 September
                                                                                                    
Open Day - Executive

                                                Executive MBA in English - information session online - September
                                            



                                                                                                    See
                                                    event Executive MBA in English - information session online - September
























GMAT-type test



The MBA qualification test





            See more
          














Products










                                    Transition Manager Academy 
                                




                                                                                                    Postgraduate Programs
                                                                                                





                                                                                                            W weekend
                                                                                                    



                                                                                            1 year
                                                                                    

                                                                                            EN
                                                                                    


See
                                        product Transition Manager Academy 










                                    Leading with a Global Mindset
                                




                                                                                                    Courses and Training
                                                                                                





                                                                                                            W tygodniu
                                                                                                    



                                                                                            6 months
                                                                                    

                                                                                            EN
                                                                                    


Pierwsze zajęcia 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                        20.10 -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                        21.10.2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        




See
                                        product Leading with a Global Mindset









Sign up for an open day online



                                    Finance for Non-Financial Leaders
                                




                                                                                                    Postgraduate Programs
                                                                                                

                                                                                                    ONLINE Postgraduate Programs
                                                                                                





                                                                                                            Online
                                                                                                    



                                                                                            1 year
                                                                                    

                                                                                            EN
                                                                                    


See
                                        product Finance for Non-Financial Leaders










      Up
    
















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



