Financial Management Studies - Bachelor's Degree - Full Time - Kozminski University - Warsaw, Poland

























Financial Management Studies - Bachelor's Degree - Full Time - Kozminski University - Warsaw, Poland










      Skip to main content
    




















Financial Management


Level


                                      Undergraduate Programs (Bachelor)
                                  



Duration

                              3 years
                          


Language

                              EN
                          


Obtained title

                              Bachelor Level Degree
                          


Mode


                                      Full-time                                  





              Brochure
            

              Contact
            













                  Close
                










                                      International Student Senior Specialist
                                  

                                      Adam  Miziołek
                                  


                        +48 22 519 22 61 
                      



                      adamm@kozminski.edu.pl
                    







Sign up












Home


Program listing


Undergraduate Programs (Bachelor)


 Financial Management 












About the program





 Program structure





Community





Admission





Tuition and Scholarships











About the program









Basic information










ADMISSION FOR THE 2023/2024 ACADEMIC YEAR IS OPEN
Our Financial Management Program is a best-practice-based opportunity for creative and passionate young people to join a diverse international community of peers and seasoned experts in order to master Finance 5.0 challenges in the coming decades. Thus, future business leaders in finance receive a holistic understanding of sustainable value drivers and risks, as well as top skills for managing the digital and green transition of businesses (3 majors offered).
The unique value proposition of this program is based on high internationally recognized education quality standards, close cooperation with top-tier strategic partners, hand-on experience for our students, community-based attention to individual career paths, and employability on the global scale.
KU was among the first universities in CEE to recognize all 17 SDG goals. In consequence, sustainability is fully integrated into our program syllabi in order to meet the job market expectations, professional association requirements (e.g. ACCA, CIMA, CAIA, CFA), and above all to promote values praised by young people and the Kozminski community.
Whether you are a number cruncher or a business storyteller, on the Financial Management Program you will find a stimulating and inspiring ecosystem to boost your key competencies and land your dream job or continue on our globally esteemed (FT ranked) Master in Finance & Accounting program, which is:


Graduates receive a Bachelor's Degree in Finance & Accounting, which will also include a Financial Management major.










Program highlights










1


               
                Learn from the best practitioners and earn international CFA recognition!
               
            

Meet top-tier strategic partners who assure the program’s alignment with job market expectations, discuss with seasoned managers during classes, and discover business practices during your internship at major market players like Goldman Sachs, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Citi, and many more.
Thus, you shall be fully prepared to earn an internationally recognized CFA Investment Foundations certificate, administered by the CFA Institute.




2


               
                Join a double degree program and get two diplomas!
               
            

Receive two diplomas of highly esteemed universities in Europe and Asia. With the same study effort and no change in annual tuition fee you can join otherwise expensive programs at ISEG Lisbon, Aston University, University of Limerick, Hong Kong Baptist University, or IESEG School of Management. Tuition is paid only at Kozminski University.




3


               
                CHOOSE YOUR OWN PATH OF SELF DEVELOPMENT
               
            

Select between 3 unique majors depending on your preferences: Corporate Finance & Financial Markets, Green Finance, FinTech and Digital transformation in Finance.




4


               
                Go for a student exchange program without any worries.
               
            

Thanks to “mobility window” during the 5th semester, you are perfectly free to choose courses according to your personal needs, without any program differences.




5


               
                PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE WITH THE BLOOMBERG FINANCE LAB AND ChatGPT APPLICATION.
               
            

Full access to the professional Bloomberg database, specialized in providing financial information, top analysis, as well as BMC and ESG certificates. Combined with ChatGPT tools students are empowered with unmatched expertise in financial markets, risk management, trading, and value creation.




6


               
                Join a friendly network and make friends for life.
               
            

Insider information about course requirements, extra-curricular activities, events, social life, and best parties will be provided by your elderly peers even before you arrive on the KU campus.




7


               
                Participation in study visits 
               
            

Students of the program are offered the opportunity to participate in study visits to company headquarters, as well as in presentations with their delegates on the KU campus. Recently, our students had meetings with the representatives of companies such as MDDP, RSM, Point72, and JP Morgan.












Partners of the program










The program is actively supported by industry strategic partners, who assure that the curriculum stands to the latest requirements of the labor market. Today these are: Goldman Sachs, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Crisil GR&A and UN Global Compact.

Each of our partners is actively engaged in shaping and directing the study process by participating in the providing invaluable input to the contents of the course, organizing guest lectures facilitated by experienced senior management, sharing their knowledge the areas of sustainable corporate finance, capital markets, financial reporting, investment analysis, risk management etc.































































Double degree programs










During the course of study, students of the Financial Management Program have the opportunity to go on their third year to one of our partner universities for a so-called double degree program, thanks to which they will receive not only the diploma of Kozminski University but also from our partner university! The tuition is paid only at Kozminski University.
Click on the logo of a partner institution to get more information on your university of interest.
Available double degree programs on the Financial Management program:










































































Accreditations, certificates & recognitions










International accreditations and recognition by the most prominent professional associations (ACCA, CIMA, etc.) attest to the quality of the program’s educational contents.
Graduates of the program benefit from exemptions from most of the papers on the Applied Knowledge and Applied Skills level ACCA Qualification (AB, MA, FA, LW, PM, FR, FM) and can expect to have a wide range of career opportunities in all areas of business.
Thanks to the agreement signed between Kozminski University and CIMA based in London, students of the Financial Management program at our University will have the opportunity to obtain an international management accounting diploma.









































Watch a short video on the program



























A word from the leader of the program



















LinkedInEmail



                                                                            Prof. NU Franjo Mlinarič
                                                                    

Welcome to the Financial Management Program at Kozminski University and get ready for an inspiring, diverse and exciting E2E journey with three majors to choose in the final semester. The program is being continuously optimized in order to match students’ aspirations with ever changing job market expectations in the areas of (i) Corporate finance & Financial markets, (ii) Green Finance, and (iii) Fintech and Digital Transformation.
For this purpose, we maintain partnerships with most prestigious professional bodies in the financial world (ACCA, CIMA, CAIA and CFA) as well as with top market players from financial industry (including BNP Paribas Securities Services, Goldman Sachs and Crisil), and with the most influential global initiative on sustainability issues - UN Global Compact.
Our students centered approach and the focus on learning-by-doing guarantees various options for personal development and well-equipped facilities (Bloomberg Lab, E-learning Hub, business simulations etc.). We cover fundamental courses in the first year and in the following two years, every student takes part in a mandatory internship to gain out-of the-campus experience, apply theoretical knowledge and test acquired skills. KU facilitates the students in finding a relevant internship placement with our business partners and promotes on the job training.
An international mobility window is organized in the third year (5th semester) and each student is expected to spend it on one of over 200 partner universities around the world or to spend the semester serving an internship in a multinational environment. Moreover, students can take advantage of our double degree programs and gain two diplomas from prestigious universities.
I invite you to join your peers from all continents, establish an international network of contacts and start exploring employment opportunities in Poland, EU and beyond. Within this unique and dynamic KU culture, we empower new generations of competitive, innovative and ethical professionals, capable of tacking any financial and/or business challenge.


Prof. NU Franjo Mlinarič, Leader of the Financial Management Program


Read moreCollapse













What you gain from your studies?










Knowledge regarding internal and external factors influencing the financial condition of international corporations 
Sustainable finance guidelines and ethical standards used in solving business and finance challenges
Good command of professional terminology in English, enabling you to freely communicate in the world of international corporate finance 
The possibility to become a part of the multinational community at Kozminski University and gain an understanding of different cultures through group projects and teamwork 
Working knowledge related to the activities of a business 
Skills that enable you to efficiently manage a company 
Knowledge and skills within your fields of interest through elective courses 
The possibility to participate in an international exchange program and visit business schools all over the world 
Preparation for further personal and professional development.











Career opportunities after your studies










Employee of a financial department in an international corporation or a financial institution 
Sustainable finance-related jobs with great perspectives in financial institutions and consulting companies, like SF analyst or consultant
A mid-level employee in a consulting company 
Specialist in any department of a company where knowledge of finance and accounting is a must 
A successful entrepreneur.














 Program structure









Choose among 3 available majors










During the studies, a student choses one major of their interest (click to see more details):
Corporate Finance & Financial Markets
Green Finance
FinTech and Digital transformation in Finance












The coursework is predominantly case-based thereby assuring that the acquired knowledge meets the up-to-date expectations of the industry. 

Students train their skills in designing and calibrating financial models suited to tackle computationally-intensive business problems, e.g., budgeting, investment project appraisal, costing, pricing, valuation, etc.  
 
FUNDAMENTAL COURSES  
Principles of Finance 
Ethics in Finance and Accounting 
Introduction to Organizational Behaviour 
Microeconomics 
Macroeconomics 
Business Simulation Games 
Corporate and Business Law 
Foreign Language I - Business English
Foreign language II - German /Polish/Spanish  
Bachelor Seminar 
Internship 
Sports 
 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING COURSES  
Corporate Finance I 
Corporate Finance II 
Valuation & Value-Based Management            
Financial Markets 
Investment and Funds Operations 
Banking 
Auditing and Management Control 
Preparing Financial Statements 
Financial Statement Analysis 
Financial Accounting 
Financial and Tax Reporting 
Managerial Accounting 
Preparations for Professional Qualifications  
ACCA/CFA/CIMA 
  
QUANTITATIVE METHODS  
VBA in Finance and Accounting 
Financial Data Analysis 
Econometrics and Research Methods              
Quantitative Methods I 
Quantitative Methods II 
Statistics 
  
MANAGEMENT COURSES  
Principles of Management 
Performance Management                               
Business Strategy Planning 
Startups and Business Plan.
 

















Class schedule













Full-time programs:
	 



Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon. 















Community









Opinions of students and alumni





















                                                            Sofiia Mishchenko
                                                    
I have not had a single thought that this was not the right program to choose. Joining the Financial Management program at Kozminski university two years ago has opened a whole new world for me. Highly-qualified professors, motivated students, excellent organization, and support have been proving the level of the school to be on the top level from the beginning. KU provides us with access to various financial tools and resources, creates inspirational meetings with international companies’ representatives, and lectures with foreign professors, which helps to investigate and learn the broad field of finance from a new perspective every day. Moreover, I could not have even thought of having such fun students life, which our university’s organizations and events bring into my days. It is definitely worth considering joining us in order to put your life on a new, fun, and extremely efficient path!











Financial Management Buddy Program










The new generation of students on our program receives full support from the most experienced students within the Buddy Program. It is a peer-to-peer volunteer initiative helping you with the first challenges during your studies as well as with building your professional career.  More information HERE.













Admission











                         
                            Admission requirements
                         
                    







The employees of the Admission Office are available during the office hours (8:30 - 16:00 from Monday till Friday), via e-mail (admission@kozminski.edu.pl) or by calling +48 22 519 22 69. 

Admission is based on the results of the matriculation exam (matura) in three subjects chosen by the candidate among all of the subjects in the examination.  
Qualifying points are calculated based on the percentage results from the matriculation certificate (nowa matura) as follows:  

1% at the basic level = 1.5 points;  


1% at the advanced level = 2 points;  


1% at the advanced level of Mathematic = 3 points.  

Calculate your qualifying points (only for Polish "Nowa Matura" results)
Grades obtained as result of the "old matriculation", International Baccalaureate system or a foreign high school diploma are also converted into qualifying points.  
Candidates who have reached the minimum level of 350 points will be admitted to Kozminski University programs until the enrollment limit for chosen program is reached. 










                         
                            Required documents
                         
                    









During the application process candidates must fill in the application form and submit complete set of documents including:
  


original high school diploma or an official duplicate and transcript of records issued by the candidate's high school or notary proved copies
translation of a foreign high school diploma into Polish or English
Recognition of the candidate’s high school diploma, if it was obtained abroad (it must be obtained before the end of first semester of studies) More information 
	It does not refer to credentials from EU, OECD, EFTA and countries with which Poland has agreements on recognition of education (Ukraine, Belarus, Austria, Germany, France, Czech Republic, Libya, Lithuania, Slovakia, China).
copy of a national ID or passport
proof of payment of the admission fee (non-refundable)
certificate confirming proficiency in English:
Linguaskill General or Business certificate - at least 160 points - YOU CAN REGISTER HERE
FCE, CAE, CPE, BEC, CEIBT issued by the University of Cambridge
IELTS  (at least 6.0 points, academic level)
TOEFL iBT (at least 87 points)
TOEIC (at least 700 points from the test)
LCCI (English for Business Level 2, 3, 4)
FTBE (Foundation Certificate for Teachers of Business English)
TELC (B2 Certificate in English)
Pearson certificate at least B2 level
TOLES certificate - at least 41 points (Higher) or 41% (Advanced)

 




Only candidates who scored at least 95% on the basic level or 80% in the extended level from English language at the Polish "Matura" examination, completed European Baccalaureate, completed International Baccalaureate or completed education instructed in English in one of the EU countries, Great Britain, Ireland, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, can be excluded from submitting an English proficiency certificate.












                         
                            Additional information
                         
                    








Tuition fee should be transferred to the individual student account which is assigned and sent to the student together with the admission decision. 
 


In case of visa, accommodations and other daily issues please contact our Student Support and Service Center: studentsupport@kozminski.edu.pl 
Candidates who obtained their high school diplomas in a foreign country, are required to submit a translation of their diploma by a sworn translator and they must also obtain a recognition (before the end of the first semester of studies).
Foreigners who need a visa to study in Poland are additionally required to make payment of tuition for one full year of studies before we can issue documents necessary in the visa application process i.e. invitation to come to Poland and the admission decision. Admission commission issues a conditional acceptance letter including individual account number to which the payment should be transferred in Polish Złoty (PLN) calculated according to the exchange rates of the National Bank of Poland (www.nbp.pl). In case the candidate is denied a visa tuition is returned. Admission fee is non-refundable.











                         
                            Step by Step Procedures
                         
                    







1


               
                Register Online
               
            


Fill in the admission form available online and upload scans of all required documents to the application.
Transfer from another university 





2


               
                Make payment of the admission fee
               
            

The admission fee should be transferred to the Kozminski University bank account or made through the platnosci.pl system available after completing the online application form.




3


               
                Evaluation and submission of documents
               
            


Application and attached documents will be evaluated by the Admission Committee. After the application is approved, all of the required documents must be submitted in one complete package to the Admissions Office (in person or via regular post).





4


               
                Admission decision
               
            

After submission of complete package of documents Admission Committee accepts your application and enrolls you on the list of students, which will be confirmed by e-mail.




5


               
                Signing of the contract
               
            

The final step of the admission process is signing the agreement.






















Tuition and Scholarships


















Check out our scholarship opportunities



                  Check
                












The tuition rates listed below are for candidates that begin their studies in the 2023/2024 academic year.

The full tuition for this program in PLN is:
Paid in full: 94 200 PLN
Paid in installments: 94 800 PLN
The full tuition for this program in EUR is:
Paid in full: 20 010 EUR*
Paid in installments: 20 130 EUR*
Check here what is covered by the tuition fee >>









Financial Management - tuition fees






I year
II year
III year




Tuition per year paid in full (PLN)
29 800 PLN
31 400 PLN
33 000 PLN


Tuition per year in 10 installments (PLN)
10 x 3 000 PLN
10 x 3 160 PLN
10 x 3 320 PLN


Tuition per year paid in full (EUR)
6 330 EUR*
6 670 EUR*
7 010 EUR*


Tuition per year in 10 installments (EUR)
10 x 640 EUR*
10 x 670 EUR*
10 x 700 EUR*


Admission fee: 85 PLN / 20 EUR* 	

























* Exchange rates according to NBP table of 2023-01-25: 1 EUR = 4,7073 PLN
PRICES IN PLN ARE APPLIED. If you pay in EURO please note that payments in EUR are recalculated into PLN according to the exchange rate of Millennium Bank based on the day of receipt of payment to the Kozminski University bank account. Check current exchange rate.

Payment of the admission fee should be made to the following bank account: 
 


Name of the bank: Pekao S.A. II o/Warszawa 
Address: Grzybowska 53/57,  Warszawa 
Bank account number: 20 1240 1024 1111 0010 1646 0637 
SWIFT code: PKOPPLPW 
IBAN: PL 













Benefits of studying in Kozminski

















                                                                                                Free access to LinkedIn Learning
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Free access to the "Financial Times" premium content
                                                                                    










                                                                                                International exchange programs with over 230 partner universities on 6 continents
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Scientific Clubs
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Student Council and Kozminski International Society
                                                                                    










                                                                                                The TOP 15 Program
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Business incubator and accelerator platform
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Integration trips, organized parties, KOZMINALIA
                                                                                    










                                                                                                KU Sport and E-Sport Sections
                                                                                    


















  























            ABOUT KOZMINSKI
          



Discover other benefits of studying at Kozminski University





            See
          














Products












                                    Bachelor in Management
                                




                                                                                                    Undergraduate Programs (Bachelor)
                                                                                                





                                                                                                            Full-time
                                                                                                    



                                                                                            3 years
                                                                                    

                                                                                            EN
                                                                                    


See
                                        product Bachelor in Management










                                    Bachelor in Management and Artificial Intelligence
                                




                                                                                                    Undergraduate Programs (Bachelor)
                                                                                                





                                                                                                            Full-time
                                                                                                    



                                                                                            3 years
                                                                                    

                                                                                            EN
                                                                                    


See
                                        product Bachelor in Management and Artificial Intelligence












      Up
    
















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



