HoReCa Management (Hotel, Restaurant, Catering) | Kozminski University























HoReCa Management (Hotel, Restaurant, Catering) | Kozminski University










      Skip to main content
    










HoReCa Management (Hotel, Restaurant, Catering)



















HoReCa Management (Hotel, Restaurant, Catering) - Major on the Bachelor in Management Program













Home


 HoReCa Management (Hotel, Restaurant, Catering) 











HoReCa Management (Hotel, Restaurant, Catering)






About the major







The HoReCa Management major is designed to introduce and prepare students for active participation in the HoReCa sector (Hotels, Restaurants, Catering). The program will show the latest and best management practices from around the world, supported by a large dose of information provided by practitioners from the sector. Great emphasis is put on the most developed aspect - hospitality, i.e. changing the relationship between a client and an entrepreneur as well as showing practical aspects of its application.







A word from the major's leader
















Email



                                                                            Zofia Przymus, MA
                                                                    
If you are interested in running your own restaurant or want to support your family in this area, we will help you to acquire key skills in this field. If you are planning a career in a company that supplies the sector, you will learn how to operate it and what to look out for in cooperation with hotels, restaurants, and catering.
The classes are co-organized with practitioners, updating academic knowledge with practical know-how. We will expand your management knowledge with sommelier skills or supply chain optimization.
You will learn what problems hotels, restaurants, and catering are facing and learn how to deal with them. We will give you the necessary tools for effective management. You will also be able to develop this knowledge after graduation from one of our programs, including postgraduate studies in hotel or restaurant management.
See you at Kozminski University!
Zofia Przymus, MA, Leader of the HoReCa Management Major
 
Read moreCollapse










Unique values







Classes conducted by practitioners and enthusiasts of the topic
Latest trends and practices in the global HoReCa sector
Practical information on functioning and improving work in the HoReCa sector
Supported by business partners
Possibility of participating in an exchange program to a well-known European university








What you gain from your studies? 







During your studies you will gain knowledge, skills and social competences among others in:
Setting up supply chains
Managing food and beverage categorization
Effective staff management
Process planning and workplace organization in the most efficient way
Financial management and optimization
Hospitality and how to build your competitive advantage on it
Practical competences and knowledge of the HoReCa sector








Career opportunities after your studies







Hotel management
Restaurant management
Catering management
Management positions in the HoReCa sector
Employment in companies related to the HoReCa sector








Selected courses







Food & Beverage Cost Management
Food Service
Beverage Service
Hospitality Management
Personal & Team Management in the HoReCa Industry








Class schedule







Full-time programs 
Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon.






















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



