HR TECH Business Partner Major | Kozminski University























HR TECH Business Partner Major | Kozminski University










      Skip to main content
    










HR TECH Business Partner Major



















HR TECH Business Partner - Major on the Master in Management Program













Home


 HR TECH Business Partner Major 











About the Major







People come first, and wise investment in human capital is of great importance to any organization.
Competences acquired during the Human Resource Management major are needed for every employee, regardless of their place of work (production, services, administration) and place in the organization (managerial and executive positions).

The program will cover many issues related to human resource management, such as recruitment and selection, training and development, and performance management. Traditional HR courses will be supplemented with classes on technology in HR (information systems, social media, artificial intelligence). A large part of the classes is conducted using interactive methods, such as case studies, Oxford debates, discussions, tests, etc., which makes the topic of the course interesting for everyone. Besides, some classes will be conducted in cooperation with companies such as Randstad or Deloitte.
The HR Tech Business Partner major has been created for people planning their future as managers of departments, teams or entire organizations as well as people intending to develop their careers in HR departments of companies or consulting companies related to human resource management. People with the vision of starting a startup or working in a family business can also benefit from this scope.
The major is aligned with Society for Human Resource Management’s HR Curriculum Guidebook and Templates. Throughout the world, over 400 programs in approx. 375 educational institutions have been acknowledged by SHRM as being in alignment with its suggested guides and templates.

The HR Curriculum Guidebook and Templates were developed by SHRM to define the minimum HR content areas that should be studied by HR students at the undergraduate and graduate levels. The guidelines -- created in 2006 and revalidated in 2010, 2013 and 2017 -- are part of SHRM’s Academic Initiative to define HR education standards taught in university business schools and help universities develop degree programs that follow these standards.
Please be advised that the major will launch only if a minimum amount of 17 students sign up for the major.







Tha major's leader




















                                                                            Prof. Anna Baczyńska
                                                                    
New technologies, generational changes in the labor market and the COVID-19 pandemic situation are changing human capital management and roles in HR departments. More and more companies are treating the HR department as a strategic partner of the business. This means that skills beyond standard functions are needed, such as recruiting and selecting employees, training and development, motivation and performance management.
In the near future, HR departments will optimize the aforementioned functions with the help of various competencies, related to technology and management. Skills related to the implementation of artificial intelligence and machine learning (machine learning) will be needed to optimize staffing in internal and external customer service departments. The ability to use social media will be necessary for recruitment and selection processes and employer brand promotion. Knowledge of virtual and augmented reality (virtual/augmented reality) will be important when designing training for employees. Knowledge of crowdfunding campaigns will come in handy when optimizing hiring in sales departments.
Business Trainer is a unique program on the market, which is based on building and deepening coaching competencies. Classes implemented within the scope develop skills to design and conduct training on both "soft" and "hard" issues for business organizations. The classes expand the knowledge of novice trainers, as well as deepen the understanding and purposeful use of methods for trainers who are already training in the market.  
The HR TECH Business Partner major will enable you to gain knowledge of traditional HR functions, as well as modern technological trends, knowledge of which can be a competitive advantage in the labor market.
Read moreCollapse










Partners of the major

































































Unique Values







During the program, we will show you how to start your HR journey and what options do you have in your career.
You will be able to learn from well-recognized leaders from companies specializing in staffing and recruitment such as Randstad and advisory firms such as Deloitte.
You will find in our program some basic HR-related courses such as recruitment and selection but you will get insight into new insights about human resource management such as Artificial Intelligence or social media in HR
Some experts say that soft skills are responsible for 90% of people's professional success. This program will serve as a great accelerator of your soft potential. 








WHAT YOU GAIN FROM YOUR STUDIES? 







During your studies, you will gain knowledge, skills and social competences, including in the field of:
effective communication with clients and an understanding of the basics of international commercial contracts and effective ways of implementing the HR function in modern enterprises
the most important concepts and concepts in the field of human resource management
psychological and social causes of people's behavior in organizations and methods shaping these behaviors
techniques and tools for recruitment and selection
evaluation of HR metrics
interaction of human resource management and organization strategy
methods and techniques of motivating and remunerating employees
	coaching and mentoring
employer and personal branding
managing employee development and their career








CAREER OPPORTUNITIES AFTER YOUR STUDIES 







After graduating from the major in HR TECH Business Partner in English, you can be employed as a:
HR Manager / Director
HR Business Partner
Operations Manager
Sales Manager / Director
Business Development Manager
Business Unit Manager








Selected courses







Recruitment and Selection with the Use of Technology, Employer Branding
HR Career Planning. Coaching and Mentoring, Personal Branding in Social Media
Talent Management, Training and Development with the Use of Augmented and Virtual Reality
Employee Relations, Change Management, Communication with the Use of Technology








Class Schedule







Full-time programs 
Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon.






















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



