International Management Major | Kozminski University























International Management Major | Kozminski University










      Skip to main content
    










International Management Major



















International Management - Major on the Bachelor in Management Program













Home


 International Management Major 











About the major







The International Management major focuses on a practical approach and solid preparation of students for new forms of work both in international corporations and running their own companies with the potential and ambition to enter international markets. Students work on projects, learning organizational behavior and business etiquette during teamwork. After graduation, students are fluent in the international business environment, finding themselves well placed in the context of diversity management.
The studies are aimed at people who are interested in working in foreign companies, large corporations, consulting companies, people who will participate in international teams or carry out international projects. It is also a great choice for students who plan to work abroad.

Students develop their knowledge of management in an international business environment and learn about organizational behavior in a dynamic and culturally diverse environment. During their studies, students also learn how to create their own company, how to introduce it to international markets, and how to build global companies.
Please be advised that the major will launch only if a minimum amount of 17 students sign up for the major.







A word from the major's leader
















Email



                                                                            Anna Olszewska, Ph.D.
                                                                    
Dear students and candidates,
The labor market has never been so competitive, full of challenges, but at the same time, it has been a chance for an incredible international career. Companies that meet the needs of a new generation of employees like you offer the possibility of remote working, internal mobility or relocation around the world.
It is worth being prepared for such challenges. All you have to do is choose a direction that will provide you with the latest knowledge, broad perspectives, and open new opportunities. This is what International Management is like - it is a field of study that provides a solid foundation, showing the world of business from the theoretical and practical side.
We teach you how to navigate in a professional environment and show you the many opportunities to apply your knowledge and skills, supporting understanding and then achieving your dream professional goal.
I hope to see you on this major!
Anna Olszewska, Ph.D., Leader of the International Management Major
Read moreCollapse










Unique values







Most subjects are conducted in an interactive way, as a combination of lecture and workshop. This is to provide students with both knowledge and practical tools.
Students carry out group projects, work on case studies illustrating real organizational behavior, conduct debates and professional presentations. In this way, students learn how to analyze the organization and are encouraged to look for new and non-standard solutions.
The classes are very engaging and new and interesting insights develop the intellectual horizons of the group. They all work in conditions very similar to the business environment and very international.
The International Management major is chosen by candidates with very different interests, experiences or backgrounds. This makes the classes extremely interesting and dynamic.








What you gain from your studies? 







During your studies you will gain knowledge, skills and social competences among others in:
Working in culturally diverse teams, thus forming its sensitivity to aspects of intercultural communication and intercultural management
Critical thinking, analyzing case studies
Balancing between hard and soft skills so that students are fully educated professionals
Interpersonal skills
Analytical capabilities
Latest reports from research conducted in international organizations
The complexity and complexity of organizational, management and leadership issues on examples from around the world
Analysis of internationalization strategies, creating business models or building international business projects








Career opportunities after your studies







As International Management combines the necessary theory with practice, the studies provide a very realistic and practical approach.

Students who graduate from International Management usually choose to work in prestigious international corporations, work in consulting companies and work abroad. They work in diverse virtual teams, remote projects, in a dynamic, constantly changing international work environment.

Many of our graduates are also self-employed and run their own companies.







Selected courses







Organizational Behavior
Internationalization of Business
Cross-cultural Communication
'Born Global' Entrepreneurship
Organizational Diagnostics and Analysis








Class schedule







Full-time programs 
Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon.






















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



