Logistics & Supply Chain Management Major | Kozminski University























Logistics & Supply Chain Management Major | Kozminski University










      Skip to main content
    










Logistics & Supply Chain Management Major



















Logistics & Supply Chain Management 













Home


 Logistics & Supply Chain Management Major 











About the Major







The current economic conditions, the globalization of business processes, sales, production and procurement of goods are determined by the ever-increasing demand for practical and specific managerial knowledge in the field of logistics system management. The importance of logistics and supply chain management, supported by information and communication technologies, is changing the way businesses operate and are managed in a turbulent environment. The need for integration between a company and its environment intensifies as global competition intensifies.
The Logistics & Supply Chain Management major is a response of Kozminski University to the needs of Polish and international companies, which have to face the huge and constantly growing impact of logistics solutions on global supply chains.
The main aim of the studies is to help students acquire the competences and skills necessary to build their careers in a world where logistics and supply chain management are of key importance.

The studies are in accordance with the american Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP) certification program, which enables the students to obtain the CSCMP Certificate and become part of the global network of logistics and supply chain management professionals. 
Please be advised that the major will launch only if the minimum amount of 17 students sign up for the major.

The Logistics & Supply Chain Management major within the Master in Management Program corresponds to the current as well as future needs of the labour market in a knowledge-based economy, offering innovative topics in cooperation with external partners from Poland and abroad.







The program's leader




















                                                                            Prof. Sebastian Jarzębowski
                                                                    
Professor Sebastian Jarzębowski, Ph.D., Member of the Department of Economics at Kozminski University, Director of Scientific Logistics & Procurement Center at Kozminski University and Director of the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP) in Poland, Research Fellow in Supply Chain Risk and Resilience Research (SCR3) Institute, University of Missouri–St. Louis.
He has many years of experience in teaching and conducting information technology projects in logistics, business process modeling and supply chain management. His research activities focus on the efficiency of business management, supply chain management and logistics.
Author of several dozen publications, including foreign ones. Repeatedly stays abroad at leading universities in Australia, Austria, France, Germany and the USA, Visiting Professor at Fisher College of Business, Ohio State University in the U.S., and University of Bonn, Germany. Scholarship holder of the Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst (DAAD), Schaumann Foundation and many others. Coordinator of more than 20 national and international research and development (R&D) and business projects implemented under many governmental and private initiatives in the field of logistics and supply chain management, in particular in the field of supply chain integration, digital transformation and purchase management. 
Read moreCollapse










Selected partners of the major












































































Unique Values







The program is co-created with esteemed organizations in the fields of logistics and supply chain management: ELA (European Logistics Association) and CSCMP (Council of Supply Chain Management in Poland).
The partners of the program are, among others, companies from the TSL market and beyond, e.g. GS1, IBM, Oracle, EY, Amazon, DHL Dachser Intelligent Logistics, C.H. Robinson, OptiBuy, ABB, IFS, Jeronimo Martins, CSCMP.
As part of the program, students have direct contact with recognized logistics business practitioners.
Students have the opportunity to obtain the European Logistics Association (ELA) professional certificate. 
The studies are also covered by the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP) certification program of the U.S., allowing for global professional certification.








CAREER OPPORTUNITIES AFTER YOUR STUDIES 







Graduates of the Logistics & Supply Chain Management major can find employment among others as/in:
international freight forwarder
employee of trade and manufacturing companies implementing logistics solutions
employee of transport companies of all transport sectors
operator of large distribution and storage centres
employee of enterprises operating in the transport, forwarding and logistics sector
employee of public, administrative and local government institutions cooperating with the TSL industry
employee of a family business
owner of his/her own developing or intending to develop an enterprise in the TSL sector








Class Schedule







Part-time programs 
Part time program classes take place on Friday (in the afternoon), Saturday and Sunday (in the morning and in the afternoon).







Selected courses







Concepts, Models and Strategies for supply chain & networks management
Logistics IT systems and automatic identification in the supply chain
Production and material flow management
Activity-based costing and operational controlling in logistics and supply chains
Designing, modeling and reengineering of the supply chain
Warehouse and Logistics Center management
Procurement and supply management























We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



