Marketing Major | Kozminski University























Marketing Major | Kozminski University










      Skip to main content
    










Marketing Major



















Marketing - Major on the Bachelor in Management Program













Home


 Marketing Major 











About the Major







Marketing is nowadays not a luxury, but a must in any market and company. Customers are more and more demanding, and less and less loyal. Competition is fierce. New products, services, brands enter the market non-stop. Almost everybody knows how to do marketing. But “almost always makes a difference”. And it is marketing that makes a difference- between the success and failure of a company in the ever-changing market environment. 
We offer our students not only interesting lectures but also opportunities to gain experience through various forms of meetings with professionals.  In our teaching, we focus on linking marketing to current market developments. The practical aspect of the specialization is reflected for example in workshops, or researches and analyses conducted by students. 
The major is balanced to equip students with all it takes to become a marketer- you will gain the necessary knowledge and skills, blending critical and analytical thinking, creativity, innovativeness, and interpersonal skills to collaborate with people and companies. 
Please be advised that the major will launch only if a minimum amount of 17 students sign up for the major.







The major's leader
















Email



                                                                            Marcin Awdziej, Ph.D.
                                                                    
An assistant professor in the Marketing Department of Kozminski University. His research interests include areas such as consumer behavior, marketing in creative industries, marketing communications, and critical marketing, in which he authored and co-authored many publications. In 2002 he was awarded the Professional Postgraduate Diploma in Marketing by Chartered Institute of Marketing, in 2009 – a diploma of the International Faculty Development Program at IESE, Barcelona. He has extensive teaching experience, gained in Poland and abroad, for example, France, China, and Mexico. In the years 2018-2020, he served as National Representative of Poland in the EMAC Executive Committee. 
Read moreCollapse










Partners of the major




































































































The KU Marketing and Digital Transformation Council 







Members of KU's Marketing and Digital Transformation Council actively support the didactic and scientific activities in the field of marketing and management in a virtual environment via expert presentations and online meetings with students.

The Marketing and Digital Transformation Council was established by decision of the Rector of Kozminski University on January 22nd, 2020 as the first corporate advisory board supporting specific areas of study within KU.







What you gain from your studies?







During your studies you will gain knowledge, skills and social competences among others in:
Planning and conducting marketing activities in different organizations
Development of successful activities for achieving marketing objectives]
Understanding of consumers’ purchasing decisions
Marketing online activities
Contemporary trends in marketing (e.g., social media marketing, viral marketing, etc.)
Developing and implementing effective marketing plans 
Using marketing in a family business 
Preparing marketing communications campaigns
Preparing market analyses and forecasts 
Gathering and using market data Skills and competencies in the use of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) marketing tools
Practical ability to conduct marketing research projects – planning and implementation
Planning career in marketing
Working in teams
Creative thinking and problem solving skills
Effective presentations








Career perspectives







Graduates of the Marketing Major will be ready to make marketing decisions in their own business, or find employment on positions such as: 
A marketing specialist – ready to work in both domestic and international environments as well as corporations, small and medium sized companies, interactive or marketing research agencies, and/or public institutions
A junior marketing manager responsible for the development of products and brands in local, domestic, or international markets
A marketing consultant with in depth knowledge of the newest concepts and marketing tools
Specialists in PR, e-commerce, marketing communications, advertising, social media marketing
Market analyst 








Selected courses







Marketing Strategy
Consumer Behavior
Digital Marketing
Brand Management
Marketing Communications








Classes schedule







Full-time programs
Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon.






















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



