Master in Big Data Science - Big Data Master's Level Degree - Kozminski University - Warsaw, Poland

























Master in Big Data Science - Big Data Master's Level Degree - Kozminski University - Warsaw, Poland










      Skip to main content
    




















Master in Big Data Science


Level


                                      Graduate Programs (Master)
                                  



Duration

                              2 years
                          


Language

                              EN
                          


Obtained title

                              Master's Level Degree
                          


Mode


                                      Full-time,                                  

                                      Online                                  





              Brochure
            

              Contact
            





  





                  Close
                










                                      Head of Admission for International Programs
                                  

                                      Dana Duda
                                  


                        +48 22 519 22 69 
                      



                      admission@kozminski.edu.pl
                    







Sign up












Home


Program listing


Graduate Programs (Master)


 Master in Big Data Science 












About the studies





Program structure 





Community





Admission





Tuition and fees











About the studies









Basic information










The Master in Big Data Science is a two-year program conducted in English. The studies simultaneously prepare students to work in big data in the finance field. Aside from extensive finance knowledge, practical technical skills will be taught, such as identifying, collecting, analysing, interpreting, and transforming data, in order to face big data challenges in financial world. Furthermore, new trends in both areas will be presented, from venture capital to cloud computing. Students can also choose to pursue a major in Health Economics & Big Data Analytics.
EDUCATION BY USING GAMES
Students have the possibility to use the interactive tools of MobLab, which supports gaining and perfecting business skills, among others, strategic thinking and decision making.  










Program highlights










1


               
                The program is highly practical right from the beginning
               
            

As part of the program, students will be able to work on professional business projects starting from the first semester.
Each student will have an opportunity to be matched with one of the following companies: Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, Accenture Operations, Oracle or Discovery.




2


               
                Learn Data Science with Microsoft
               
            

Thanks to the partnership with Microsoft, our students can use actual Microsoft training materials to learn about technologies such as Azure Cloud or Power BI. Moreover, students of Big Data Science program have a possibility to pass certain Microsoft certifications exams free of charge.




3


               
                Wide career opportunities
               
            

The attained expertise will allow graduates to handle business processes from data capture over to processing and visualisation, enabling them to participate in the decision-making process whether from a strategic or financing standing point by applying their problem-solving abilities and outside the box thinking. As a result, they will have the widest career opportunities in all areas.  




4


               
                Gain an additional major in Health Economics and Big Data Analytics
               
            

Health Economics is a new but dynamically developing science. It is the discipline of economics applied to the topic of healthcare. Health Economics provides a set of methods and analytical approaches to study the effectiveness, efficiency and value of health technologies with the ultimate objective of optimal allocation of healthcare resources.




5


               
                Multiple study resources: access to the largest business and academic databases
               
            

Whether your are interested in solving practical business problems or dwelling into academic science, KU makes sure you have the best sources for your research. The University provides access to the wide range of databases, including Reuters, BankScope, EMIS, Infinancials, etc., which represent an essential toolkit for business analysis. Academic databases such as ScienceDirect, ProQuest, JSTOR etc. allow to track the most recent research findings in the domains of economics and finance.




6


               
                Get to know the Bloomberg Finance Lab
               
            

Students benefit from a financial laboratory based on Bloomberg’s technology. They have access to the full service and additional educational functions of the largest news agency in the world, specializing in providing financial information. Thanks to this solution, the learning process is based on real analyses, indicators and information from all financial markets in the world.












Partners of the program










As part of the program, students will be able to work on professional business projects starting from the first semester.

Students have an opportunity to gain experience in real business projects with the following companies: Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, Accenture Operations, Oracle or Discovery (depending on the partner comany's availability).










































































We have joined Amazon's AWS Academy!










The AWS (Amazon Web Services) Academy will enhance the Master in Big Data Science program even further by providing a free, ready-to-teach cloud computing curriculum that prepares students to pursue the most important certifications related to the industry, and employment on in-demand and coveted positions. The curriculum will help Kozminski University to stay at the forefront of AWS Cloud innovation so that we can provide students with the skills they need to get hired in one of the fastest-growing industries in history. Experts from Amazon will also be involved in providing students of the program with innovative courses as part of their development within the curriculum of the program itself.
More information






























Watch a short video on the program



























A word from the leader and coordinators of the program













Previous
Next








LinkedInEmail



                                                                            Piotr Zegadło, Ph.D.
                                                                    
Machine learning and programming skills are becoming a staple of the modern data analyst’s toolbox. This master’s program is unique in the way it bridges technical skills with business acumen. We’ve noticed that although companies like to employ technically proficient staff, most prefer to work with people who are able to use their knowledge for maximum business impact. That is why we partnered up with the biggest names in the industry to shape our curriculum. We do not want the students to only learn about modern machine learning methods. We also aim to teach the understanding of appropriate use cases, practical limitations, model explainability, importance of data preparation – and all those other crucial real-life aspects of a data scientist’s day-to-day duties.
Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next








LinkedInEmail



                                                                            dr hab. Aneta Hryckiewicz-Gontarczyk
                                                                    

Taking part in this unique Master in Big Data Science program enables students to link theory with practice -  simultaneously gaining professional experience. From the first semester on, each student gets the chance to work with an assigned university mentor as well as company mentor to tackle the finance big data world. The partnership with global Big Data companies is a key asset of the program. Apart from excellent networking opportunities, classes are to some extend conducted by practitioners. Real-life business case studies are solved by the students in collaboration with the mentors. The majority of classes takes place in computer labs with access to platforms such as Bloomberg and Reuters. We encourage students to follow their passion and attend programming languages within their area of interest. To round up the experience, students take part in a trainee program during the last semester – with a strategic partner of their choice. There is no better way to start a career! 

Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next








LinkedInEmail



                                                                            Olha Zadorozhna, Ph.D.
                                                                    
 I teach Research Methods and Econometrics courses on the Big Data Science program which is one of the leading programs of this type in Poland and Europe. All of the classes are conducted using modern teaching techniques that encourage students’ participation and interaction with a lecturer and fellow classmates. During each class we work on projects and case studies to learn not only the theory, but also how to apply it in practice. Students then have a great opportunity to apply their knowledge in the real-life corporate setting when working on projects with our business partners such as Microsoft, Discovery, Goldman Sachs and others. As a consequence, during the two years of studies students build up their portfolio of data-analysis projects and can then use it when applying for a job later on. 
Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next








LinkedInEmail



                                                                            Piotr Zegadło, Ph.D.
                                                                    
Machine learning and programming skills are becoming a staple of the modern data analyst’s toolbox. This master’s program is unique in the way it bridges technical skills with business acumen. We’ve noticed that although companies like to employ technically proficient staff, most prefer to work with people who are able to use their knowledge for maximum business impact. That is why we partnered up with the biggest names in the industry to shape our curriculum. We do not want the students to only learn about modern machine learning methods. We also aim to teach the understanding of appropriate use cases, practical limitations, model explainability, importance of data preparation – and all those other crucial real-life aspects of a data scientist’s day-to-day duties.
Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next








LinkedInEmail



                                                                            dr hab. Aneta Hryckiewicz-Gontarczyk
                                                                    

Taking part in this unique Master in Big Data Science program enables students to link theory with practice -  simultaneously gaining professional experience. From the first semester on, each student gets the chance to work with an assigned university mentor as well as company mentor to tackle the finance big data world. The partnership with global Big Data companies is a key asset of the program. Apart from excellent networking opportunities, classes are to some extend conducted by practitioners. Real-life business case studies are solved by the students in collaboration with the mentors. The majority of classes takes place in computer labs with access to platforms such as Bloomberg and Reuters. We encourage students to follow their passion and attend programming languages within their area of interest. To round up the experience, students take part in a trainee program during the last semester – with a strategic partner of their choice. There is no better way to start a career! 

Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next








LinkedInEmail



                                                                            Olha Zadorozhna, Ph.D.
                                                                    
 I teach Research Methods and Econometrics courses on the Big Data Science program which is one of the leading programs of this type in Poland and Europe. All of the classes are conducted using modern teaching techniques that encourage students’ participation and interaction with a lecturer and fellow classmates. During each class we work on projects and case studies to learn not only the theory, but also how to apply it in practice. Students then have a great opportunity to apply their knowledge in the real-life corporate setting when working on projects with our business partners such as Microsoft, Discovery, Goldman Sachs and others. As a consequence, during the two years of studies students build up their portfolio of data-analysis projects and can then use it when applying for a job later on. 
Read moreCollapse







Previous
Next








LinkedInEmail



                                                                            Piotr Zegadło, Ph.D.
                                                                    
Machine learning and programming skills are becoming a staple of the modern data analyst’s toolbox. This master’s program is unique in the way it bridges technical skills with business acumen. We’ve noticed that although companies like to employ technically proficient staff, most prefer to work with people who are able to use their knowledge for maximum business impact. That is why we partnered up with the biggest names in the industry to shape our curriculum. We do not want the students to only learn about modern machine learning methods. We also aim to teach the understanding of appropriate use cases, practical limitations, model explainability, importance of data preparation – and all those other crucial real-life aspects of a data scientist’s day-to-day duties.
Read moreCollapse













What you gain from your studies?










This innovative international Master program offers you hands-on experience of business analytics in collaboration with global companies across various industries, in a European country known for its technological know-how.
This full-time international Master program enables you to build your career in applied data analytics, an area of high demand in top companies worldwide.
Enhance your profile with excellent analytical skills, in order to facilitate the decision-making process.
Extend your knowledge and skills within your area of interest through a number of elective courses.
Improve your command of professional terminology not only in finance but also in the age of digitalization.
Prepare yourself for further personal and professional development.











Career opportunities after your studies










Big Data Analytics Manager 
Data Solutions Architect 
Business Intelligence Consultant 
Financial Market Analyst 
Analytics Consultant 
Business Analyst 
Business Consultant 
A specialist in any department of a company where knowledge of finance and big data is a must 
An employee of a financial department in an international corporation or a financial institution 
Data Scientist 
Researcher 














Program structure 










Core Courses:
Global Economy
Quantitative and Qualitative Research Methods
Project Management with Elements of Negotiation
Econometric Modelling
Financial Mathematics
Data Visualisation
Databases
Introduction to Statistical Programs
Data Processing and Security
Financial Markets and their Psychology
Introduction to Reuters and Bloomberg platforms
Investment Theory
Financial Reporting
Predictions and Simulations
Machine Learning
Elective Courses:
Panel Data Econometrics
Time Series Analysis
Optimization Methods
Algorithmic Trading
Natural Language Processing
Web Mining
Social Media
Venture Capital Funding
Hacker Culture
Image Processing 
Deep Learning
Advanced Machine Learning
Amazon AWS Cloud
Microsoft Azure Cloud
Oracle Cloud
Python Applications
Database Management
R Applications

Read moreCollapse

















You can also choose the Health Economics and Big Data Analytics major (available only in full-time mode).
 




 
The aim of the major is for you to acquire expertise and skills in the area of Big Data analysis, with a particular focus on the use of predictive modelling to be applied in in the digital health, pharmaceutical and other related industries. All while being in close contact with the strategic partners of the program during workshops and possibly internships.
 
Among the teaching staff we will host visiting professors from leading foreign academic centers e.g. University of Ljubljana, Hochschule Neubrandenburg, University of Illinois, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Lund University, University of York.
 
After graduation, you will be able to start your career as specialists in institutions dealing with the organization and financing of health services, as well as enterprises responsible for the production or distribution of health technologies.










Class schedule










Full-time programs:
Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon. 
Part-time online programs:
Classes are usually held every two weeks in three-day sessions: Thursday and Friday (starting at 5 PM), Saturday (full day). Two sessions per semester take place on the Kozminski University campus. The exception is the first semester of studies, where four sessions will be made up of four days: Thursday and Friday (starting at 5 pm), Saturday and Sunday (full days).













Community









Student & alumni opinions





















                                                            Shafiga Akhundova
                                                    
As a part of my Master degree, I was lucky enough to be selected for a project with Goldman Sachs. Currently, I am working with the Risk Department which mainly focuses on preventing the company from losing money, rather than making money for it.

 
During this project, I have learned much not only about financial aspects but also about programming and the real struggles of Big Data Analysts. I have discovered that collection and data preparation can be very challenging, even more, challenging than using this data for a problem solution. It was a practical example of a project that I might get in my future career in the Big Data field. All in all, I am very grateful that Kozminski University offers students such great opportunities to learn, develop new skills, to discover talents that we did not know existed within ourselves. I am looking forward to more challenges and opportunities during my studies and career!Read more
 




















                                                            João Pereira
                                                    
I came to Warsaw looking for a practical and solid education in the field of Big Data. Being confident that this field is the hottest professional path I could envision for myself, I selected Kozminski to get it started.

At the University, I have the great opportunity not only to obtain practical knowledge from lecturers but also to collaborate on a weekly basis with Goldman Sachs on building a financial predictive model. This project is just the cherry on the top of the cake that makes my academic life exciting, challenging and that also will get my career started in Warsaw or elsewhere in the world with just the right set of skills needed in this industry. 














Admission











                         
                            Admission requirements
                         
                    







The employees of Admission Office are available during the office hours (8:30 - 16:30), via e-mail (admission@kozminski.edu.pl) or by calling +48 22 519 22 69.
Admission for full-time and part-time Master programs at Kozminski University is based on 2 criteria: GPA on your previous studies and results of an online entry test. Maximum score is 100 points - 50 points for the test and 50 for GPA. Candidates who scored at least 60 points from both criteria will be qualified to the program.
Entry Test
The entry test is scheduled for 40 minutes and is composed of 30 close-ended questions. The test is meant to check the background of the candidate, data interpretation, analytical thinking and logical reasoning skills. As preparatory materials the Leaders of the program suggest practice questions to GMAT's analytical and quantitative parts.










                         
                            Required documents
                         
                    








Application for full time and part time Master's programs at Kozminski University must include: 
 

application form - complete the form online and attach required documents,
original Bachelor/Master degree diploma or notarized copy and transcript of records (translation of the documents into Polish)
copy of the national ID or a passport 
CV in English
proof of payment of the admission fee (non-refundable)
certificate confirming proficiency in English
Linguaskill General or Business certificate - at least 160 points - YOU CAN REGISTER HERE
FCE, CAE, CPE, BEC, CEIBT issued by the University of Cambridge
IELTS  (at least 6.0 points, academic level)
TOEFL iBT (at least 87 points)
TOEIC (at least 700 points from the test)
LCCI (English for Business Level 2, 3, 4)
FTBE (Foundation Certificate for Teachers of Business English)
TELC (B2 Certificate in English)
Pearson certificate at least B2 level
TOLES certificate - at least 41 points (Higher) or 41% (Advanced)

Only candidates who scored at least 95% on the basic level or 80% in the extended level from English language at the Polish "Matura" examination, completed European Baccalaureate, completed International Baccalaureate or completed education instructed in English in one of the EU countries, Great Britain, Ireland, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, can be excluded from submitting an English proficiency certificate.










                         
                            Additional support
                         
                    







In case of visa, accommodations and other daily issues please contact our Students Support and Service Center: studentsupport@kozminski.edu.pl 
Foreigners who need a visa to study in Poland are additionally required to make payment of tuition for one full year of studies before we can issue documents necessary in the visa application process i.e. invitation to come to Poland and the admission decision.
Admission commission issues a conditional acceptance letter including individual account number to which the payment should be transferred in Polish Złoty (PLN) calculated according to the exchange rates of the National Bank of Poland (www.nbp.pl). In case the candidate is denied a visa tuition is returned.
Admission fee is non-refundable.










                         
                            Step-by-step admission procedures
                         
                    







1


               
                Register Online 
               
            


Fill in the admission form available online and upload scans of all required documents to the application. 
Transfer from another university  





2


               
                Make payment of the admission fee 
               
            


The admission fee should be transferred to the Kozminski University bank account or made through the platnosci.pl system available after completing the online application form.





3


               
                Submit your application 
               
            


All of the required documents should be submitted in the Admissions Office (in person or via regular post). 





4


               
                Entry test 
               
            


Participation in online entry test is required for all candidates. Candidates are enrolled to the test after the application is reviewed and accepted by the Admission Committee.





5


               
                Admission decision 
               
            


The decision is issued in few working days after the test is cleared. Candidates who obtained at least 60 points from both admission criteria are qualified for program. 

 




6


               
                Signing of the contract 
               
            

The final step of the admission process is signing the agreement 






















Tuition and fees


















Check out our scholarship opportunities



                  Check
                












The tuition rates listed below are for candidates that begin their studies in the 2023/2024 academic year.

The full tuition for this program in PLN is:
Paid in full: 61 200 PLN (full-time); 48 600 PLN (part-time/online)
Paid in installments: 61 600 PLN (full-time); 49 000 PLN (part-time/online)
The full tuition for this program in EUR is:
Paid in full: 13 000 EUR* (full-time);  10 320 EUR* (part-time/online)
Paid in installments: 13 100 EUR* (full-time); 10 500 EUR* (part-time/online)
Check here what is covered by the tuition fee >>









Master in Big Data Science - tuition fees






I year
II year




Tuition per year paid in full (PLN)
29 800 PLN
31 400 PLN


Tuition per year paid in 10 installments (PLN)
10 x 3 000 PLN
10 x 3 160 PLN


Tuition per year paid in full (EUR)
6 330 EUR*
6 670 EUR*


Tuition per semester in 10 installments (EUR)
10 x 640 EUR*
10 x 670 EUR*


Admission fee: 100 PLN / 21 EUR*




















Master in Big Data Science- Online tuition fees






I year
II rok




Tuition per year paid in full (PLN)
23 600 PLN
25 000 PLN


Tuition per year in 10 installments (PLN)
10 x 2 380 PLN
10 x 2 520 PLN


Tuition per year paid in full (EUR)
4 590 EUR*
4 840 EUR*


Tuition per year in 10 installments (EUR)
10 x 460 EUR*
10 x 490 EUR*


Admission fee: 100 PLN / 24 EUR*
























* Exchange rates according to NBP table of 2023-01-25: 1 EUR = 4,7073 PLN
PRICES IN PLN ARE APPLIED. If you pay in EURO please note that payments in EUR are recalculated into PLN according to the exchange rate of Millennium Bank based on the day of receipt of payment to the Kozminski University bank account. Check current exchange rate.

Payment of the admission fee should be made to the following bank account: 
 


Name of the bank: Pekao S.A. II o/Warszawa 
Address: Grzybowska 53/57,  Warszawa 
Bank account number: 20 1240 1024 1111 0010 1646 0637 
SWIFT code: PKOPPLPW 
IBAN: PL 













Benefits of studying in Kozminski

















                                                                                                Free access to LinkedIn Learning
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Free access to the "Financial Times" premium content
                                                                                    










                                                                                                International exchange programs with over 230 partner universities on 6 continents
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Scientific Clubs
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Student Council and Kozminski International Society
                                                                                    










                                                                                                The TOP 15 Program
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Business incubator and accelerator platform
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Integration trips, organized parties, KOZMINALIA
                                                                                    










                                                                                                KU Sport and E-Sport Sections
                                                                                    





























                                                    13 September
                                                                                                    
Education and Labor Market

                                                Webinar on the Master in Big Data Science Program
                                            



                                                                                                    See
                                                    event Webinar on the Master in Big Data Science Program








  























            ABOUT KOZMINSKI
          



Discover other benefits of studying at Kozminski University





            See
          














Products










                                    Master in Finance and Accounting
                                




                                                                                                    Graduate Programs (Master)
                                                                                                





                                                                                                            Full-time
                                                                                                    

                                                                                                            Part-time
                                                                                                    



                                                                                            2 years
                                                                                    

                                                                                            EN
                                                                                    


See
                                        product Master in Finance and Accounting










                                    Master in Management
                                




                                                                                                    Graduate Programs (Master)
                                                                                                





                                                                                                            Full-time
                                                                                                    

                                                                                                            Part-time
                                                                                                    

                                                                                                            Online
                                                                                                    



                                                                                            2 years
                                                                                    

                                                                                            EN
                                                                                    


See
                                        product Master in Management










      Up
    
















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



