Master in Finance and Accounting - Master's Level Degree - Kozminski University - Warsaw, Poland

























Master in Finance and Accounting - Master's Level Degree - Kozminski University - Warsaw, Poland










      Skip to main content
    




















Master in Finance and Accounting


Level


                                      Graduate Programs (Master)
                                  



Duration

                              2 years
                          


Language

                              EN
                          


Obtained title

                              Master's Level Degree
                          


Mode


                                      Full-time,                                  

                                      Part-time                                  





              Brochure
            

              Contact
            





  





                  Close
                










                                      Head of Admission for International Programs
                                  

                                      Dana Duda
                                  


                        +48 22 519 22 69 
                      



                      admission@kozminski.edu.pl
                    







Sign up












Home


Program listing


Graduate Programs (Master)


 Master in Finance and Accounting 












About the studies





Program





Community





Admission





Tuition and Scholarships











About the studies










In 2023, Kozminski University was ranked 1st in Central & Eastern Europe and 32th in the world in the Global Masters in Finance Ranking published by "Financial Times". It is the only university ranked from Poland and CEE.


The program is designed in close cooperation with strategic partner companies and covers the full spectrum of advanced financial topics in order to boost your professional career perspectives. It delivers in-depth specialized knowledge and develops skills for solving complex business problems according to world-class CFA and ACCA standards, aligned with the latest principles of sustainable management.
This program with 4 available majors is customized for motivated and passionate people with a clear vision of pursuing top international careers in finance as creative and responsible leaders.










Program highlights










1


               
                Be part of a top FT ranked Master in Finance and Accounting program
               
            

Check why the "Financial Times" ranking is crucial for the development of your future career HERE.




2


               
                Choose an outstanding Double Degree program with our international partners
               
            

Receive two diplomas of highly esteemed European universities, with the same workload and no additional tuition fees.




3


               
                Choose your own path of self development
               
            

Select between 4 unique majors depending on your preferences: Corporate Finance (CFA approved), Corporate Reporting and Accounting (ACCA approved), International Banking & Fintech or Sustainable Finance & ESG.




4


               
                Learn from the best and earn international CFA recognition
               
            

Meet top tier strategic partners who assure program's alignment with job market expectations and discuss the latest trends and your career opportunities during workshops. Today these are Citibank Europe PLC, Accenture Operations, KPMG, Santander Investment Bank, UN Global Compact!
Finally, crown your competences with an internationally recognised CFA Investment Foundations certificate or CFA exam (both administered by the CFA Institute).




5


               
                PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE WITH THE BLOOMBERG FINANCE LAB AND ChatGPT APPLICATION
               
            

Full access to the professional Bloomberg database, specialized in providing financial information, top analysis, as well as BMC and ESG certificates. Combined with ChatGPT tools students are empowered with unmatched expertise in financial markets, risk management, trading, and value creation.




6


               
                Join a professional network and make friends
               
            

Insider information about course requirements, extra-curricular activities, events, social life and best parties will be provided by your elderly peers even before you arrive on KU campus.




7


               
                Make an impact
               
            

KU was among the first universities in CEE to recognize all 17 SDG goals. In consequence, sustainability is fully integrated into our program syllabi and encouraged by the KU community. This allows students to bring innovative sustainable solutions into business as well as meet the latest job market expectations and professional association requirements.




8


               
                Participation in study visits
               
            

Students of the program are offered the opportunity to participate in study visits to company headquarters, as well as presentations with their delegates on the KU campus. Recently, our students had meetings with representatives of companies such as MDDP, RSM, Point72, and JP Morgan.












Partners of the program










The program is actively supported by industry strategic partners, who assure that the curriculum stands to the current requirements of the labor market. Today these are Citibank Europe PLC, Accenture Services Ltd, KPMG, Santander Investment Bank and UN Global Compact. Each of our partners is actively engaged in shaping and directing the study process by participating in the Program Council and thereby, bringing invaluable input to the contents of the course, organizing guest lectures facilitated by experienced senior management and providing internship and full-time job opportunities to our students. Assuring that the study process is closely intertwined with practical experience, gives our students a competitive edge and provides a dynamic start to their careers.










































































Double degree programs










During the course of study, students of the Master in Finance and Accounting Program have the opportunity to go on their second year to one of our partner universities for a so-called double degree program, thanks to which they will receive not only the diploma of Kozminski University, but also from our partner university!
Thanks to the double degree programs you will be able to gain a diploma of a renowned university by spending just a part of your studies with no increase to your study or financial obligations.
Click on the logo of a partner institution to get more information on your university of interest.
Available double degree programs on the Master in Finance and Accounting studies:




















































Accreditations, certificates & recognitions










Graduates of the program benefit from exemptions from most of the papers on the Applied Knowledge and Applied Skills level ACCA Qualification (AB, MA, FA, LW, PM, FR, FM; additionally students from the majors in Corporate Reporting and Accounting are exempted from TX and AA) and can expect to have a wide range of career opportunities in all areas of business.

Kozminski University is an academic partner of the CAIA Association. Becoming a partner of the CAIA Association, a global network of more than 9,000 alternative investment professionals located in more than 90 countries, gives our students access to CAIA's vast databases and the possibility to get a special scholarship.

Kozminski University is an academic partner of GARP (Global Association of Risk Professionals), which is currently the leading professional association for risk managers, dedicated to the advancement of the risk profession through education, research and the promotion of best practices globally. By virtue of covering at least 70% of the body of knowledge of the Financial Risk Manager (FRM®) examination.































































Watch a short video on the program



























Program leader



















LinkedInEmail



                                                                            Prof. NU Franjo Mlinarič
                                                                    

The KU Master in Finance and Accounting program guarantees access to global best practice, academic expertise, and relevant training in the heart of Europe. It is globally acknowledged by the most prestigious professional bodies and rankings in the financial universe as well as by the program's strategic partners: KPMG, Santander, Accenture, Citibank and UN Global Compact .
Our carefully selected students from over twenty countries around the world contribute to a creative and challenging environment, facilitated by prolific academic researchers and experienced market practitioners. We put a strong emphasis on experimental learning-by-doing, extracurricular activities and international exchange of students and faculty to foster a unique combination of globally competitive industry knowledge and skills.
The program covers the full spectrum of topics financial professional needs to gain critical insight and foresight in times of a volatile and ambiguous environment. Thus, it is our passion to empower new generations of competitive, creative and ethical leaders in the world of business and finance. Together with our students, we strive for excellence and invite you to share our ambition.
Prof. NU Franjo Mlinarič, Ph.D., Leader of the Master in Finance & Accounting Program

Read moreCollapse













What you gain from your studies










Students of the program can expect to master the knowledge and skills regarding: 

The economic mechanisms at the micro- and macro- economic level 


Proper functioning of an enterprise and financial institutions in a free market economy 


Assessment of the current and future financial conditions of an organization 


Market position and business entities 


Professional and ethical standards used in solving problems in finance and accounting 


Principles and accounting standards, both in domestic and foreign and international accounting operations 


Preparing and interpreting financial statements and formulating useful conclusions based on them 


Design of efficient accounting systems, and assessing their effectiveness used in a variety of entities 


Implement ways to improve the financial condition of any entity, its restructuring and rehabilitation 


Making the right choice out of the most favourable sources of financing 


Identify risks in business, its measurement and management 












Career opportunities after your studies











Specialist in finance, financial analyst, or manager in organizations dealing with financial services (banks, insurers, mutual funds, broker services), international corporations or the public sector. 


Sustainable finance-related jobs with great perspectives in financial institutions and consulting companies, like SF strategist, SF analyst, or consultant.


A controller, an accountant, an auditor, or an accounting specialist in a related field (professions that have proven to be resistant to the financial crisis). The program prepares its participants for work in both the private and public sectors. 


A specialist in any department of a company related to finance and accounting. 


A specialist in international banking topics like Fintech, AML and bank operation.















Program









Choose between 4 available majors










Available majors (click for more information):
Corporate Finance (CFA Track) with KPMG and Santander Investment Bank
Corporate Reporting and Accounting (ACCA Track) with Accenture Operations
International Banking & FinTech with Citibank
Sustainable Finance & ESG with UN Global Compact.
Please be advised that the major will launch only if a minimum amount of 17 students sign up for the major.











Timeline of the studies:  
SEMESTER 1
Advanced Corporate Finance 

Corporate Financial Reporting 


Quantitative and Qualitative Research Methods 


Communication and Negotiation Skills 


Advanced Macroeconomics 


Big Data Analysis 


Modern Banking Systems 

Career Track Seminar

SEMESTER 2

Corporate Valuation and Fundamental Analysis 


Application of Statistics and Econometrics in Finance and Accounting 


Advanced Financial Reporting 


Advanced Management Accounting 


Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management 


Advanced SQL 


Psychology of Financial Markets 


Ethical Issues in Finance and Accounting 


Dissertation Seminar 


SEMESTER 3

Mergers and Acquisitions 


Programming in Finance 


Corporate Governance and Control 


Dissertation Seminar 


Courses from one of the 4 available majors: 

Corporate Finance (CFA Track) 


Corporate Reporting (ACCA Track) 


International Banking


Sustainable Finance and ESG


SEMESTER 4
Dissertation Seminar 

3 elective courses 


8 week internship or 2 additional elective courses

 
Read moreCollapse
















Class schedule










Full-time programs:
Classes take place from Monday to Friday in the morning and in the afternoon. 
 
Part-time programs:
Part-time program classes take place on Friday (in the afternoon), Saturday and Sunday (in the morning and in the afternoon). 













Community









Opinions of students and alumni





















                                                            Tim Knapp
                                                    
When I took the decision to specialize myself on finance and accounting, I aimed to pursue a high-class Master’s program that optimally prepares me for my future professional career in the challenging and rapidly changing world of finance.  
 
The Master in Finance & Accounting at Kozminski University has impressed and inspired me from the beginning and surpassed my expectations. All of the various courses highly emphasize the linkage of theoretical concepts with their real-world applications which makes the program genuinely unique.  
 
 
Personally, this approach has allowed me to tackle both, the diverse responsibilities I have encountered and the various challenges I will face during my corporate finance career. Furthermore, the University actively promotes extracurricular activities such as the CFA Institute Research Challenge – the most prestigious student competition in finance – which enabled me to represent Kozminski University together with my teammates at the EMEA Finals in Dublin.  
 
In addition, wide-ranging and valuable support for students who aim to become, for example, CFA or CAIA charterholders are provided. Moreover, above all, the program offers one the opportunity to study in a highly international and culturally diverse environment whereby I have been able to connect and build long-lasting relationships with like-minded people from around the globe.Read more
 




















                                                            Mickael  Jin
                                                    
The Master in Finance of Kozminski University provides the opportunity for students to take part in the CFA Institute Research Challenge. The competition gives the students the opportunity to work and build equity research of a publicly listed company.  
 
With the valuable experience and skills gained during the challenge, in addition to the broad and deep knowledge received from the Master's program itself, I was able to secure an offer at the Investment Banking Division of Trigon Dom Maklerski, one of the leading independent investment banking firm in the CEE region.











Master in Finance & Accounting Buddy Program










The new generation of students on our program receives full support from the most experienced students within the Buddy Program. It is a peer-to-peer volunteer initiative helping you with the first challenges during you studies as well as with building your professional career. 

More information HERE.
 













Admission











                         
                            Admission requirements
                         
                    







The employees of Admission Office are available during the office hours (8:30 - 16:30), via e-mail (admission@kozminski.edu.pl) or by calling +48 22 519 22 69.
Admission for full-time and part-time Master programs at Kozminski University is based on 2 criteria: GPA on your previous studies and results of an online entry test. Maximum score is 100 points - 50 points for the test and 50 for GPA. Candidates who scored at least 60 points from both criteria will be qualified to the program.
Entry Test
The entry test is scheduled for 40 minutes and is meant to check the background of the candidate, analytical and logical thinking skills, as well as, possession of basic knowledge in the field, corresponding to the knowledge a Business-related Bachelor alumni should possess. Test is composed of 25 close-ended questions - 10 quantitative questions, 10 on general knowledge and current world situation and 5 on specialized knowledge in Business.
Candidates who have the CFA Level I or above certification are waivered from the necessity to take part in the test and will receive the maximum possible points (50).










                         
                            Required Documents
                         
                    








Application for full time and part time Master's programs at Kozminski University must include: 
 

application form - complete the form online and attach required documents,
original Bachelor/Master degree diploma or notarized copy and transcript of records (translation of the documents into Polish)
copy of the national ID or a passport 
CV in English
proof of payment of the admission fee (non-refundable)
certificate confirming proficiency in English
Linguaskill General or Business certificate - at least 160 points - YOU CAN REGISTER HERE
FCE, CAE, CPE, BEC, CEIBT issued by the University of Cambridge
IELTS  (at least 6.0 points, academic level)
TOEFL iBT (at least 87 points)
TOEIC (at least 700 points from the test)
LCCI (English for Business Level 2, 3, 4)
FTBE (Foundation Certificate for Teachers of Business English)
TELC (B2 Certificate in English)
Pearson certificate at least B2 level
TOLES certificate - at least 41 points (Higher) or 41% (Advanced)

Only candidates who scored at least 95% on the basic level or 80% in the extended level from English language at the Polish "Matura" examination, completed European Baccalaureate, completed International Baccalaureate or completed education instructed in English in one of the EU countries, Great Britain, Ireland, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, can be excluded from submitting an English proficiency certificate.










                         
                            Additional support
                         
                    







In case of visa, accommodations and other daily issues please contact our Students Support and Service Center: studentsupport@kozminski.edu.pl 
Foreigners who need a visa to study in Poland are additionally required to make payment of tuition for one full year of studies before we can issue documents necessary in the visa application process i.e. invitation to come to Poland and the admission decision.
Admission commission issues a conditional acceptance letter including individual account number to which the payment should be transferred in Polish Złoty (PLN) calculated according to the exchange rates of the National Bank of Poland (www.nbp.pl). In case the candidate is denied a visa tuition is returned.
Admission fee is non-refundable.










                         
                            Step-by-step admission procedures
                         
                    







1


               
                Register Online 
               
            


Fill in the admission form available online and upload scans of all required documents to the application. 
Transfer from another university  





2


               
                Make payment of the admission fee 
               
            


The admission fee should be transferred to the Kozminski University bank account or made through the platnosci.pl system available after completing the online application form.





3


               
                Submit your application 
               
            


All of the required documents should be submitted in the Admissions Office (in person or via regular post). 





4


               
                Entry test 
               
            


Participation in online entry test is required for all candidates. Candidates are enrolled to the test after the application is reviewed and accepted by the Admission Committee.





5


               
                Admission decision 
               
            


The decision is issued in few working days after the test is cleared. Candidates who obtained at least 60 points from both admission criteria are qualified for program. 

 




6


               
                Signing of the contract 
               
            

The final step of the admission process is signing the agreement 






















Tuition and Scholarships


















Check out our scholarship opportunities



                  Check
                












The tuition rates listed below are for candidates that begin their studies in the 2023/2024 academic year.

The full tuition for this program in PLN is:
Paid in full: 61 200 PLN (full-time); 48 600 PLN (part-time)
Paid in installments: 61 600 PLN (full-time); 49 000 PLN (part-time)
The full tuition for this program in EUR is:
Paid in full: 13 000 EUR* (full-time);  10 320 EUR* (part-time/online)
Paid in installments: 13 100 EUR* (full-time); 10 500 EUR* (part-time)
Check here what is covered by the tuition fee >>









Master in Finance & Accounting - tuition fees (full-time)






I year 
II year 




Tuition per year paid in full (PLN)
29 800 PLN
31 400 PLN


Tuition per year paid in 10 installments (PLN)
10 x 3 000 PLN
10 x 3 160 PLN


Tuition per year paid in full (EUR)
6 330 EUR*
6 670 EUR*


Tuition per year paid in 10 installments (PLN)
10 x 640 EUR*
10 x 670 EUR*


Admission fee: 100 PLN / 21 EUR*




















Master in Finance & Accounting - tuition fees (part-time)






I year
II year




Tuition per year paid in full (PLN)
23 600 PLN
25 000 PLN


Tuition per year paid in 10 installments (PLN)
10 x 2 380 PLN
10 x 2 520 PLN


Tuition per year paid in full (EUR)
5 010 EUR*
5 310 EUR*


Tuition per year paid in 10 installments (EUR)
10 x 510 EUR*
10 x 540 EUR*


Admission fee: 100 PLN / 21 EUR*
























* Exchange rates according to NBP table of 2023-01-25: 1 EUR = 4,7073 PLN
PRICES IN PLN ARE APPLIED. If you pay in EURO please note that payments in EUR are recalculated into PLN according to the exchange rate of Millennium Bank based on the day of receipt of payment to the Kozminski University bank account. Check current exchange rate.

Payment of the admission fee should be made to the following bank account: 
 


Name of the bank: Pekao S.A. II o/Warszawa 
Address: Grzybowska 53/57,  Warszawa 
Bank account number: 20 1240 1024 1111 0010 1646 0637 
SWIFT code: PKOPPLPW 
IBAN: PL 













Benefits of studying in Kozminski

















                                                                                                Free access to LinkedIn Learning
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Free access to the "Financial Times" premium content
                                                                                    










                                                                                                International exchange programs with over 230 partner universities on 6 continents
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Scientific Clubs
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Student Council and Kozminski International Society
                                                                                    










                                                                                                The TOP 15 Program
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Business incubator and accelerator platform
                                                                                    










                                                                                                Integration trips, organized parties, KOZMINALIA
                                                                                    










                                                                                                KU Sport and E-Sport Sections
                                                                                    





























                                                    31 August
                                                                                                    
Economics and Finance

                                                Webinar on the Master in Finance & Accounting Program
                                            



                                                                                                    See
                                                    event Webinar on the Master in Finance & Accounting Program








  























            ABOUT KOZMINSKI
          



Discover other benefits of studying at Kozminski University





            See
          














Products










                                    Master in Big Data Science
                                




                                                                                                    Graduate Programs (Master)
                                                                                                





                                                                                                            Full-time
                                                                                                    

                                                                                                            Online
                                                                                                    



                                                                                            2 years
                                                                                    

                                                                                            EN
                                                                                    


See
                                        product Master in Big Data Science










                                    Master in Management
                                




                                                                                                    Graduate Programs (Master)
                                                                                                





                                                                                                            Full-time
                                                                                                    

                                                                                                            Part-time
                                                                                                    

                                                                                                            Online
                                                                                                    



                                                                                            2 years
                                                                                    

                                                                                            EN
                                                                                    


See
                                        product Master in Management










      Up
    
















We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experienceBy clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.


Accept
No, thanks



